Group 1 – Johnny is a middle school student with a Learning Disability in Reading and Writing. He currently receives Direct Instruction in Language Arts in the resource room. While there, very little academic work can be completed, due to a high level of work avoidance behaviors (sharpening pencil repeatedly, going for walks to the bathroom or his locker). Occasional work refusal coupled with bouts of swearing, being defiant and rude and occasional outbursts of chair kicking and book throwing. He has no such behavioral difficulties in any of his regular ed classes. 
Group 2 – Billy is a 10th grader who seldom comes to school. He has been absent more frequently than he's been present during the current school year. When he does come to school, he's not engaged in learning. He talks about dropping out and working with his father clam digging. He frequently tells staff “I don't need a stupid diploma to make money!”
Group 3 – Melissa is a middle school student with a diagnosed anxiety disorder in the moderate to severe range. She has very little coping skills and becomes overwhelmed easily in both the home and school settings. Her mother says that she frequently has difficulties getting her to school in the morning and her attendance is sporadic. When she does attend, she frequently leaves the building without permission and walks along a busy road which poses a significant safety concern. 
Group 4- Beth is a student with a Learning Disability in the area of Math. She is a 7th grader who her teachers describe as a “loud mouth” who becomes argumentative with peers and staff on a daily basis. There seems to be a pattern of an increased occurrence of these behaviors in the middle of the school day. Most staff requests and directives are responded to with profanity. She is constantly being sent to the office where she receives consequences such as detention, in school suspension, and suspension. These consequences have done nothing to curb this behavior. One on One, she can be quite compliant and engaged. 
Group 4- Beth is a student with a Learning Disability in the area of Math. She is a 7th grader who her teachers describe as a “loud mouth” who becomes argumentative with peers and staff on a daily basis. There seems to be a pattern of an increased occurrence of these behaviors in the middle of the school day. Most staff requests and directives are responded to with profanity. She is constantly being sent to the office where she receives consequences such as detention, in school suspension, and suspension. These consequences have done nothing to curb this behavior. One on One, she can be quite compliant and engaged. 
Group 5- Tina is best described as a bully. She is a typically achieving student with a solid group of friends she pals around with. She is active in school athletics and is generally well-liked by her teachers. Other students report that when she is out of staff sight, she pushes other students into lockers, pulls their bags, name calls and starts nasty rumors about students on her Myspace and Facebook pages. 
