Reason for Testing:
The current evaluation was conducted per the request of  STUDENT's parents, to determine if STUDENT would qualify for and benefit from Special Education services. This report will address STUDENT’s cognitive abilities; a separate report will cover STUDENT’s achievement scores.
Evaluations Administered:
Wechsler Intelligence Scale For Children – Fourth Edition
Comprehensive Test of Phonological Processing
Children's Memory Scale
Behavior Assessment System for Children – Second Edition; teacher, parent and self-report forms
Children's Depression Inventory
Wechsler Individual Achievement Test – Second Edition (WIAT-II) (selected subtest)
Record Review
Informal interviews with student, parent and school staff
Background Information:
The following information was obtained through a review of school records and interviews with STUDENT, Nicole, his mother, and school staff.
Does not currently qualify as a student in need of Special Education under any handicapping condition
?	Was referred for evaluation to rule out a potential emotional difficulties interfering with learning in kindergarten but was found not to require services at that time
?	Step-father attended this IEP and reported “belligerent behavior at home” that was not seen in the school setting
?	Academic concerns have previously been addressed through Title One services 
?	Behavioral/Emotional concerns have been addressed by community based counseling by the family, and with the school social worker
Was last evaluated in 2006
?	Behavior rating scales completed by EVALUATOR, School Psychological Service Provider, in a report dated 1/27/2006; Achenbach Behavior Rating Scales provided parent report of Clinically Significant scores on the Withdrawn/Depressed, Anxious/Depressed, Thought Problems, Aggressive/Oppositional Defiant Behavior and Rule-Breaking/Conduct Problems categories and teacher report of Borderline Clinical Range scores on the  Withdrawn/Depressed and Aggressive/Oppositional Defiant Behavior and Rule-Breaking/Conduct Problems. A Children's Depression Inventory was also administered, though the scores are questionable due to STUDENT's age being below the cut-off for the instrument, and parent responses were within the normal range. Teacher scores suggested am above average correlation with depression symptoms. 
?	A classroom observation was completed by this examiner on 1/26/2006; STUDENT's attention was generally lower than that of the majority of his peers. Though he did comply with his teacher's directions, to come to the meeting area. Look up at the calendar etc., he was the last student to do so. This behavior limited the amount of time that he was actively engaged in tasks with his teacher.
Early developmental history is unremarkable
?	According to his kindergarten registration form, STUDENT was born full-term after an uncomplicated pregnancy, labor and delivery
?	Met all early developmental milestones within age appropriate expectations  
Has had many diagnoses over the years
?	Entered kindergarten with a diagnosis of an Anxiety Disorder
?	Subsequently diagnosed with Oppositional Defiant Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome 
?	STUDENT's parents disagree with the Asperger's Diagnosis
?	Currently diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, for which he is prescribed Abilify and treated by therapist THERAPIST
Current referral was initiated by STUDENT's family in December. Concerns at that time reported on the referral form completed by TEACHER, STUDENT's teacher included;
