?	Below grade level DRA scores, despite Title 1 support and one-on-one and small group reading interventions
?	“Homework is a struggle”
?	“Finishes work quickly, rather than push to do better quality work”
Classroom teacher concerned about STUDENT's progress
?	Described STUDENT as struggling in third grade
?	Reports that STUDENT ended his second grade year at a DRA level 28, began the current school year at a level 16 and by January was at a level 20.
?	Very concerned that his reading level, despite Title 1 support, is not currently where he was at the end of the last school year
?	Noted that very little of STUDENT's homework comes in completed, which frustrates him because he recognizes that this puts him behind his peers in work completion
?	Reports that STUDENT's perception is that he asks his parents for help with his homework and they're “too busy cleaning” to help him
?	Stated that STUDENT has recently begun staying after-school in the library to work on his homework, but that he still comes to school with his work incomplete
?	Would like to see STUDENT receive additional support in language arts and to see the rate of STUDENT's work completion improve
?	Fears that he will not b e successful in the higher grades without this support 
Concerns about homework completion were also present in second grade
?	STUDENT's second grade teacher noted on his report card “I look forward to STUDENT becoming responsible for completing his homework assignments and returning them to school.”
Mother is also concerned about STUDENT being successful in school and his homework completion
?	 Stated that STUDENT has a really hard time with his homework because his understanding of how he is supposed to complete the task is incorrect
?	Noted that he has a “very hard time with the directions he is given for the assignment”
?	Feels that STUDENT is trying his hardest to complete the work that he's assigned
?	Would like to see STUDENT be assigned work “that is appropriate for him so that he's not as frustrated”
Mother has observed some processing difficulties in the home setting
?	Has seen STUDENT have memory weaknesses and difficulties understanding what he is being asked to do in the home setting
?	Frequently when he's been told something and asked to repeat it, he is unable to do so correctly
?	Also has difficulties following multi-step directions
STUDENT enjoys school overall
?	Noted that he enjoys school, adding that he especially enjoys testing “like what we're doing now”
?	Doesn't always enjoy reading, but does like the Goosebumps and Yugioh series
?	Does enjoy writing, especially imaginative fantasies involving dragons 
?	Feels that he does well in mathematics
?	Admitted that his work does not always come in on time, and that he does a lot of it at school, but was unable to state why and replying with a shrug
?	Feels that is is easy for him to remain attentive in class, but not to remain organized noting that his desk is “messy”
