Coding (STUDENT’s standard score is 4)
?	Assesses the ability to learn an unfamiliar task and requires speed and accuracy of visual-motor coordination, processing speed, attention skills, visual acuity, visual scanning and visual tracking
?	This is a timed, pen and pencil task
Symbol Search (STUDENT’s standard score is 10)
?	Assesses perceptual discrimination, speed and accuracy
?	This is a timed, pen and pencil task
Processing Speed Composite (STUDENT’s standard score is 83)
?	Includes the Coding and Symbol Search subtests
?	Provides a measure of the child’s ability to quickly and correctly scan, sequence, or discriminate simple visual information
?	This composite also measures short-term visual memory, attention, and visual-motor coordination
Children's Memory Scale
The Children's Memory Scale (CMS) is a comprehensive learning and memory assessment designed to evaluate learning and memory functioning in individuals ages 5 through 16. The nine subtests are grouped into three domains which are combined to achieve a General Memory Index and is a general estimate of that student’s abilities related to memory and learning. As in any other activity, performance may vary from day to day and that variation may sometimes be significant. 
Composites are in boldface type. 
Subtest/Index
Standard Score *
Percentile Rank **
General Memory Index
88
21
Dot Locations: Total Score
9
37
Faces: Immediate
10
50
Visual Immediate Index
97
42
Dot Locations: Long Delay
10
50
Faces: Delayed
9
37
Visual Delayed Index
97
42
Stories: Immediate
9
37
Word Pairs: Total Score
5
5
Verbal Immediate Index
82
12
Stories: Delayed
8
25
Word Pairs: Long Delay
9
37
Verbal Delayed Index
91
27
*Standard scores are based on an average score of 100 for composites and 10 for subtests. Scores from 90-109 for composites and 9-11 for subtests are considered to be within the Average range.
** A percentile score shows how your child would score compared to a randomly selected group of 100 same age peers. (Ex. A child who scores at the 53% would probably do better than 53 out of the 100 students.)
General Memory Index (STUDENT’s standard score is 88)
?	Is calculated based on the subtest scores that make up the immediate and delayed auditory/verbal and visual/nonverbal indexes.
?	It can be looked on as a global measure of memory function
Stories
?	This subtest assesses the ability to recall  meaningful and sematically related verbal material.
?	In the immediate portion, two stories are read by the examiner, and the examinee is asked to retell the stories from memory.
?	In the delayed portion, the examinee is asked to retell the stories from memory.
Word Pairs 
?	This subtest assesses the ability to learn a list of word pairs over three learning trials.
?	In the immediate portion, the examiner reads a list of word pairs aloud, then reads the first word of each pair and askes the examinee to provide the second word from memory.
?	In the delayed portion, the examinee is asked to provide the word pairs from memory.
