?	Somatization: the tendency to be overly sensitive to and complain about relatively minor physical problems and discomforts
?	Atypicality: the tendency to behave in ways that are immature, considered “off” or commonly associated with psychosis, such as experiencing visual or auditory hallucinations
?	Withdrawal: the tendency to evade others to avoid social contact
?	Attention Problems: the tendency to be easily distracted and unable to concentrate more than momentarily
Explanations of categories in the Adaptive Skills Composite include
?	Adaptability: the ability to adapt readily to changes in the environment
?	Social Skills: the skills necessary for interacting successfully with peers and adults in home, school and and community settings
?	Leadership: the skills associated with accomplishing academic, social or community goals, including, in particular, t he ability to work well with others
?	Study Skills: the skills that are conducive to strong academic performance, including organizational skills and good study habits
Behavioral Symptoms Index:
?	The Behavioral Symptoms Index is composed of the Hyperactivity, Aggression, Depression, Attention Problems, Atypicality, and Withdrawal scales

Behavior Assessment System for Children Self-Report (BASC-SR)
Scale/Composite
STUDENT's Self-Report
Attitude to School
38
Attitude to Teachers
52
School Problems Composite
44
Atypicality
38
Locus of Control
48
Social Stress
48
Anxiety
41
Depression
43
Sense of Inadequacy
41
Internalizing Problems Composite
42
Attention Problems
51
Hyperactivity
58
Inattention/Hyperactivity Composite
55
Relations with Parents
40
Interpersonal Relations
56
Self-Esteem
50
Self-Reliance
55
Personal Adjustment Composite
50
Emotional Symptoms Index
43
Explanation of categories on the BASC-SRP are:
?	Attitude to School: general opinion of the utility of school, along with his or her level of comfort with school-related matters
?	Attitude to Teachers: assesses the individuals perception of teachers as being uncaring, unfair or unmotivated to help their students
?	Atypicality:evaluated unusual thoughts and perceptions (e.g. Seeing or hearing things that are not there, feeling that one is being watched or targeted) that are commonly associated with severe forms of psychopathology
?	Locus of Control: assesses an individual's perception of his or her level of control over external events.
?	Social Stress: the level of stress experiences by children in relation to their interactions with peers and others
?	Anxiety: assesses generalized fears, nervousness, and worries that typically are irrational and poorly defined in the mind of individual 
?	Depression:assesses traditional symptoms, including feelings of loneliness, sadness, and an inability to enjoy life
?	Sense of Inadequacy: assesses perceptions of low achievement expectations, a tendency mot to persevere, and an inability 
?	Attention Problems: useful in diagnosing the presence or absence of the core symptoms of ADHD
?	Hyperactivity: focuses primarily on the hyperactivity aspect of ADHD disorders
?	Relations with Parents: survey's the individual's reports of success in relating to others and the degree of enjoyment derived from this interactions
?	Self-Esteem: self-satisfaction, with reference both to physical and more global characteristics
?	Self-Reliance: self-confidence and assurance in one's ability to make decisions
