Children's Depression Inventory
	The Children's Depression Inventory (CDI) is a 27-item, self-rated, symptom-oriented scale suitable for youths aged 7 to 17. CDI T-scores of 65 or above identify potentially clinically depressed individuals and would suggest the need for a more comprehensive evaluation in this area by an individual trained in the diagnosis and treatment of depression.
Scale/Composite
STUDENT's 
T-score
Negative Mood
59
Interpersonal Problems
50
Ineffectiveness
58
Anhedonia
48
Negative Self-Esteem
40
CDI Total Score
50
Explanations of categories on the CDI are:
?	Negative Mood: This scale reflects feeling sad, feeling like crying, worrying about “bad things”, being bothered or upset by things, and being unable to make up one's mind.
?	Interpersonal Problems: This scale reflects problems and difficulties in interactions with people, including trouble getting along with people, social avoidance, and social isolation.
?	Ineffectiveness: This scale reflects a negative evaluation of one's ability and school performance.
?	Anhedonia: This scale reflects impaired ability to experience pleasure. Individuals scoring high on this scale may suffer from loss of enerfy and problems with sleeping and appetite.
Classroom Observation:
Was observed by SPEECH, Speech Pathologist, in TEACHER's classroom and the Title 1 classroom on March 9, 2009
?	STUDENT appeared on task and was engaged with the instruction in both the regular classroom and small group instruction
?	His engagement in a daybook activity waned once he had completed the first portion of it
?	“He did not appear to exhibit a learning style that was markedly different from his peers” but “did appear more engaged in activities that were more interactive than passive.”
Summary:
Has predominantly Average range cognitive skills, with subtests ranging from the Borderline range to the Superior range
?	Full-Scale IQ of 91 is at the27th percentile and within the Average range
?	Perceptual Reasoning (110) is within the High Average range and Verbal Comprehension (98) is within the Average range. These skills are solidly developed and are areas of strength for STUDENT.
?	Weakness in the area of Working Memory (74) is highly significant
o	STUDENT’s ability to hold information in his short-term memory is particularly weak.
o	Anything that can be done in the school and home setting to decrease the amount of information that STUDENT is expected to hold in his working memory, such as checklists for work or chore or bedtime, would be particularly beneficial. 
?	Difficulty in the area of Processing Speed is also significant (83)
o	STUDENT had great difficulty quickly and correctly completing a graphomotor task requiring scannng, sequencing and discriminating simple visual information
?	CMS scores suggest largely Low Average to Average range memory skills
o	Higher scores on immediate and delayed memory tasks that were presented visually rather than verbally
o	This is consistent with the significant strength in Perceptual Reasoning identified on the WISC-IV
?	CTOPP scores suggest that he has solidly developed phonics skills
o	Phonological Awareness scores in the Average range suggests that he should have little difficulty blending sounds to make words
