o	Phonological Memory scores in the Average range suggests that he should have little difficulty decoding new words 
?	WIAT-III Reading Comprehension subtest suggests abilities that fall below age and grade-level expectations. He may have difficulty using typical grade-level text as tools for learning.
?	Parent rating scales described difficulties with Hyperactivity,  Aggression, Conduct Problems,  Depression, Atypicality, and Attention Problems 
?	Teacher rating scales described difficulties with Depression, Attention Problems, School Problems and Withdrawal	
?	STUDENT's rating scale did not describe difficulties in any measured area
?	Children's Depression Inventory depicted no current behaviors commonly occuring with Depression 
Recommendations:
1. The PET will want to consider whether to identify STUDENT as a student with a learning disability. 
?	STUDENT has significant processing deficits in the areas of Working Memory (standard score of 74), and Processing Speed (standard score of 83) which will affect performance in the classroom.
?	Standardized achievement scores show that STUDENT is not achieving adequately in the area of reading comprehension (standard score of 82) on the WIAT-II.  Broad Reading (standard score of 88), Broad Writing (standard score of 98) and Broad Math (standard score of 110) on the WJ-III are within the Low Average to Average ranges.
?	STUDENT did demonstrate scatter in his cognitive scores 
2. The PET may also want to consider whether to identify STUDENT as a student with an Emotional Disability. With the clinically significant scores on the BASC, as well as his current diagnosis of Bipolar Disorder,  this is another handicapping condition worthy of discussion.
3. STUDENT's difficulties in the areas of short-term and working memory are significant. The following classroom modifications would be beneficial.
?	STUDENT's ability to hold information in his short-term memory is particularly weak. 
?	Recognize that he has difficulty on tasks that require him to manipulate information mentally. Provide strategies and accommodations to reduce the demands placed on his working memory.
?	Because STUDENT will have difficulty on tasks involving memory, reduce the amount of information that he is required to memorize. For example, you should provide him with a calculator to compensate for this difficulty if he struggles recalling math facts. 
?	Limit the length and complexity of all instructions and state them in the same order STUDENT is to do them.
?	Connecting new information to information previously taught will be important for STUDENT. He'll be more successful in working with data mentally if he has a strong understanding of the related concepts.
?	Provide intensive repetition, practice and review in learning activities. To promote retention, provide activities to reinforce the skills or content at frequent and regular intervals, gradually increasing the intervals to less frequent and intermittent. 
?	Having STUDENT draw diagrams and illustrations, chart data, construct models etc. may also aid his retention of new material.
?	Finally, STUDENT will have to learn to be a self-advocate and request the specific compensations he needs to compensate for his memory difficulties. Praise him for all attempts to do so. 
