The sun was filtering in through the sheers in my bedroom.  I was wrapped around my body pillow, slowly trying to wake up, too cozy to move.  The quiet was broken with a “clud” with my bedroom door thrusting open, and though I couldn’t see him, I knew who was standing in the doorway.  The intruder was holding still, waiting for his cue.  I braced myself for the attack I knew was about to come and mumbled “Hey Connor, you gonna snuggle with Mommy?”  Connor answered by scrambling up onto the bed and slamming his body into mine.  Every morning between seven and seven ten, I knew Connor would be blasting into my bedroom to snuggle, and it was something I looked forward to..most mornings.  My name is Amelia Young, tax accountant extraordinaire and single mom to Connor, age 5.  Connor has gorgeous, thick sandy blonde hair that is just long enough to curl around his neck and ears.  He has bright blue eyes, a button nose, and a great smile.  Connor also has autism. He is 54 pounds of unconditional love without any regard for personal boundaries, so snuggling with him is something like being in a WWE wrestling match.  Connor doesn’t talk much yet, just the occasional word when absolutely necessary.  His way of saying “good morning, Mommy!” is to hold my eyelids open with his fingers and press his forehead and nose into mine until I cry uncle.  Well, actually, until I cry “Ow!”  Connor thinks that’s pretty funny.  So here’s my dilemma, according to the behaviorial analysis approach I use with Connor, crying “Ow” will actually reinforce the behavior.  So in order to eventually stop him from doing this, I am supposed to avoid reacting.  The problem is, it hurts like heck.  As usual, this morning Connor was laying on me with his fingers holding my eyes open and cramming his forehead into mine, smushing his nose into mine, meanwhile I’m biting my lower lip and trying to wait him out.  If I can stand the pain long enough, he will eventually give up.  If I cry “Ow!” it will stop instantly, but I will have undermined my efforts to extinguish this behavior.  Extinguish is B.A. jargon for STOP.  This morning I win.  I let out a deep sigh and wiggled my nose with my fingers, amazed that it wasn’t broken.  Snuggle time was over, it only ever lasts about 5 beats and then he’s climbing around and on top of me, and jumping on the bed.  This signals that it’s time to get up and get him some breakfast.  “You want to eat?  You want some cereal?” I asked.  He scrambling off the bed and darting out of the room and down the stairs.  My movements were not nearly so quick.  By the time I reached the top of the stairs, Connor was heading back up reaching for my hand to “assist” me.  “Ok, ok, I’m coming!”  “Gwee!”  Connor demanded.  “You want the green bowl this morning?” I asked.  
