We reached the kitchen and he grabbed the green bowl from the drawer and plopped down at the table.  I held up the two boxes of cereal we had on hand.  “What kind of cereal do you want, Raisin Bran or Frosted Flakes?”  I always give him a choice and make him pick one.  It’s just another clever way to make him communicate.  Of course I already knew the answer.  Using his “power” finger, the middle one, he pointed strongly to the Frosted Flakes.  “Ok!  Frosted Flakes!”  I confirmed.  I poured some cereal into his green bowl and looked at him.  “What else do you need?” I asked and waited while he processed the question.   “Milk!” he bellowed with another power point to the refrigerator.  “Milk, right!”  I retrieved the soy milk and poured it over the cereal.  “And what else do you need?”  I asked again.  He answered by scrambling to his feet and dashing to the silverware drawer.  He got a spoon and rushed back to the table.  Little stinker, got around me that time.  He’d much prefer to do everything for himself and not have to communicate with anyone at all.  “Ok, eat your cereal and then it’s time to get dressed for school.”  I held up the picture of the little boy putting on clothes and then the picture of the school bus.  They are two of the many pictures velcroed to a strip on the kitchen wall above the counter for easy access.  Connor peeked at the pictures and then returned to eating.  I put the pictures back on the strip and headed upstairs to get his clothes.  
The bus rolled up to our house at 8:05 and he was gone for the day.  I trudged upstairs to the spare bedroom where my office is located and unlocked the door.  The lock is to keep Connor out.  Once he slipped in when I wasn’t looking and it took me a full day to reorganize all the files.  Connor makes a level 5 tornado look like a summer breeze.  Three years ago I left my big-shot job in Seattle to start my own small tax business from home so I could spend more time and effort on Connor and his therapy.  The first year was pretty rough, but now my practice was built to a point that I can usually pay my bills on time.
Two small corporate returns and three personal returns all in various stages of completion were neatly stacked on the left hand corner of my desk.  My word of the day calendar is next to my phone and was still showing yesterday’s word.  Tintinabulation:  the ringing of bells.  I ripped that one off and read the word for today.  Defenestrate:  to throw someone or something from a window.  Cool.  Ok, I’m a word freak.  As an accountant, I’m usually busy crunching numbers, but I start the day off with the word of the day.  The rest of my desk was covered in yellow sticky notes with various tidbits of information and reminders written on them.  
