Really, who needs an organizer when you’ve got sticky notes!  The monitor of my computer was littered with the more urgent sticky note messages.  One reminded me I had a meeting with Heidi at 11:30 that morning at Mel’s in downtown Seattle.  Mel’s is located on the bottom floor of the Seafirst Building between 3rd and 4th Avenue in Seattle.   I used to work on the 42nd floor at PricewaterhouseCoopers.  Heidi is a friend of mine who runs two wedding related businesses and I have been doing her taxes for years.  She lives in Ballard, North of Seattle, and I live in Puyallup, South of Seattle, so we have always arranged to meet at my work to exchange paperwork.  Now it’s my former workplace, and going back there is difficult.  So much has changed since I was there climbing my way up the partner track.  Connor’s autism diagnosis brought that climb to an abrupt end.  I don’t regret leaving and making Connor my main priority, but it was still hard seeing my old co-workers and being reminded of what I’d left and all that I’d gone through since then.  I marveled over the fact that it had been three years already since I started my own little tax business out of my home.  My last year at Price was rifled with drama as I discovered my husband Daryl had another wife in Tacoma and all that “out of town” work was actually being spent boinking her.  The divorce was ugly and sometimes I’m grateful Connor is in his own little world.  I hope it means he’s not being permanently damaged by the boiling hostility I never seem to be able to suppress every time I see the man.  Thankfully that isn’t too often.  Sometimes I think he has a written list of excuses for missing his visitation with Connor on a piece of paper taped on the wall next to his telephone.  He cycles through them smoothly, adding extra little details to make them sound fresh.  My mom once told me that it is easy to tell when Daryl is lying.  “How?” I’d asked.  “It’s when his lips are moving.”  True.  I plopped down on the chair at my desk, heaved a sigh, and grabbed the top file.  The sticky note on top told me I’d placed three calls to this client already asking for a piece of information and I still hadn’t gotten it.  The last call was placed three days ago.  I decided to give him another day or two before calling him again.  The next file I looked at was my largest client, a residential construction business that grosses around $8,000,000 a year.  I was working on year-end adjusting entries and completed contract method worksheets needed to prepare the tax return.  It was tedious, but lucrative.  At $85 an hour I made a pretty good chunk of change cleaning up after his bookkeeper.  Alice was a decent bookkeeper but didn’t understand the dynamics of a balance sheet.  
