We talked almost daily with her calling me for help to set up a new asset or make some adjustment, or me calling her for reports or other information.  Once the books were clean, I could prepare the tax return.  The final extended deadline for the tax return was September 15th.  It was already September 6th and still I needed backup for three items.  I decided I needed to bug her again and dialed her number from memory.  “DreamHome Construction, Alice speaking.”  “Hi, Alice, it’s Amelia.  How’s it going?” I began.  “Good, you?” she replied.  “I’m fine, thanks.  Hey, I hate to pester you again, but I need to get the info on these last three open items so I can finish the tax return.  I don’t want you guys to incur any late penalties,” I explained.  “I know, I’m sorry, it’s just been so busy around here.  I actually have the back up for two of the items, but I’m struggling with the last one,” said Alice.  “Well, fax over what you’ve got and I’ll get everything done as far as I can.  Hopefully you have the info on the big item, if the only thing left is the $186 unknown debit, I can just reclass it as Office Expense and call it good,” I said.  “Unfortunately, that’s not the item I’m struggling with.  It’s the $246 thousand some-odd  item that I can’t support,” she admitted.   “Oh, bummer.  I really need to know which job that belongs to and a copy of the P.O. for it.  That one is too big to plug,” I explained.  “I know, I’m still looking.  I’ll get it to you as soon as I can.”  “Thanks, Alice.”  Next I started working on a personal return that had just come in the mail the day before.  I opened the envelope and flipped through the documents.  Then I opened up the tax program and got started.  My boyfriend, Michael, says that when I’m working I’m “in the zone” and that my hair could be on fire and I wouldn’t notice.  I’ve been known to work straight through a day without pausing to eat, drink or use the restroom.  I’ll suddenly pop my head up and realize I’m starving and have a screaming bladder.  This morning I guess I was relatively lucky that I snapped out of the zone at 10:50.  My sub-conscious obviously remembered the meeting I had at 11:30.  “Sugar, sugar, sugar!  I’m late!” I jumped up and sprinted down the hall continuing my rant out loud, “Late, late, late!”  Still in my Tinkerbell nightshirt with my hair in a sloppy ponytail on top of my head, I had a 45 minute drive ahead of me and was due to meet Heidi in 40 minutes.  For a few seconds I was paralyzed with indecision – jump in the shower, call Heidi and reschedule, throw on clothes and go?  I decided on the shower.  In fifteen minutes I was out the door with damp hair, no makeup, but decently dressed.  
