Heidi was big on fashion, and my fashion sense frequently caused her to cringe.  I hoped my bright blue blouse and black slacks would be good enough to get a nod of approval, but I knew my shoes weren’t going to cut it.  She didn’t approve of tennis shoes.  Oh well, I didn’t have time to dig through my closet for a different pair.  I called her en route and told her I was running late.  As I suspected, she was running late, too, so I was off the hook.  I arrived at 11:50 and she still hadn’t gotten there.  I sat off in one corner of the room where I could watch for Heidi but hopefully hide from anyone I knew.  A couple of minutes later Heidi came bounding in.  With her big blonde hair and big smile, fashionable bag, and perfectly coordinated outfit, she crossed the room and reached out to hug me.  “Hiiiiii!  Sorry I’m late, have you been waiting long?  Oh, cute blouse!” she said with her breathy high-pitched voice.   “No, I just got here myself, so you’re timing is perfect,” I said as I slid my feet deeper under the table to hide my shoes.  “Oh good, I’m starving, do you have time to eat?”  Mel’s was a metro cafeteria style place with a soup station, sandwich station, lots of pre-packed grab and go choices, snacks, fountain drinks, bottled drinks, and killer cookies.  “Actually, I was hoping to be headed back home by noon,” I said.  I was hoping to avoid seeing anyone I knew, and I had other plans for lunch.  “Oh, ok, well then I’ll just grab something on the way out,” she decided.  I quickly went over her returns, showing her where to sign and what she owed.  “You will need to get the S-Corporations mailed before the 15th to avoid late penalties, so don’t forget to do it right away.  The envelopes are addressed and attached, and there are extra copies of your K-1s here too.  Any questions,” I gushed.  “No, I’m sure it’s all fine.  I’ll drop them all in the mail on my way home later today.  I have a meeting with a bride at 12:30 across town, so I guess I really should be going too,” said Heidi.  “Hey, you might even be on time for that one!” I grinned.  The elevator doors opened right outside the café and several women filed out and headed toward the door to Mel’s.  I recognized three of them.  “Sugar!”  I hissed.  Heidi looked at the women and then at me, put two and two together and stood up.  “I’ll cover you,” she whispered and “accidently” bumped into one of the women.  As she made her apologies, I scrambled out the side door.  Ok, so I’m a coward!
I snuck into the gallery of courtroom GA and took a seat in the back row.  Michael had mentioned having a 3-5 hearing this morning, so I knew this was where I would find him. 
