From what I could gather, a 3-5 hearing meant the judge was going to decide on the admissibility of a piece of evidence.  The gallery was quiet, just a few people watching through the large windows opening into the courtroom.  No one was talking in the courtroom at the moment; the defendant was slumped beside Michael in his orange jumpsuit looking bored, but not particularly concerned with the hearing.  Michael was flipping through the file in front of him, scribbling down a note.  The prosecutor was sitting at her table with her hands folded over her neat stack of files, looking confident.  She was impeccably dressed, and couldn’t have weighed more than 120 pounds soaking wet.  Pam McCarthy, Michael had told me, was new out of law school, had just passed the bar, and had joined the Prosecutors Office ready to take on the world and rid it of bad guys.  It was clear she considered Michael one of them, being too young and inexperienced to have learned yet that having good working relationships with the defense attorneys would actually make doing her job easier.  Everyone was waiting for the judge to finish reviewing the file in front of him.  Judge Batham was about 60 years old, looking bigger than he was with his black robe draped over his figure.  His hair was mostly gray, his face thoughtful and calm.   I’d heard Michael mention him and I gathered he was one of the judges Michael preferred being in front of, known for being firm but fair.  “Counselor, I understand you wish to bring a motion regarding the exclusion of the latter part of the taped confession?” the judge asked.   I jumped when the voice came through the speakers feeding into the gallery, taken by surprise at how loud it was.  “Yes, your honor,” Michael stood and my heart bounced around in my ribcage for a few beats as I admired him from behind.  I had met him during my divorce four years ago.  He was a friend of my divorce attorney and we met in passing at my attorney’s office a few times during the year it took to finalize the divorce.  Apparently I had caught his attention, but he hadn’t dared approach me at the time, knowing that I was mentally and emotionally unavailable even if I was almost legally available.  Then a year ago he called me out of the blue having gotten my phone number from his friend.  He asked me out and for some reason I agreed.  I had decided that I wouldn’t get involved with another man until Connor was thirty, but his inviting voice and warm laughter melted my resolve.  We had had a few hiccups over the last year, but currently we were feeling quite content with our relationship.  “It’s obvious that the defendant had withstood 7 minutes of verbal battering from the police officer before the recorder was turned back on.  Everything said after that is unreliable and should be inadmissible.  
