As you’re aware, my client has a substantially low mental capacity and can be easily manipulated by authority figures,” Michael began. “Objection, your honor, the defendant’s mental capacity is irrelevant to this motion.”  Pam interjected.  “Over-ruled,” said Judge Batham.  “After reading the statements made by Officer Stevens and the defendant, I am in agreement with Mr. McMillan.  The minutes of confession recorded after the 7 minute pause is inadmissible.  Dismissed.”  It was a small victory, but when you are a defense attorney, you learned to savor the minutest of wins.  Michael leaned over and whispered something to his client, gave him a small pat on the shoulder, and looked up into the gallery.  His eyes caught mine and I gave a little smile and wave.  His smile back almost knocked me off the bench.  A girl sitting on the other end of the bench looked over to me to see where his smile was directed and I looked away.  Most prosecutors and judges liked Michael, but victims, their families and friends, even his own clients, seldom did.  I could feel her disapproving glare burrowing into the back of my head as I got up and headed toward the back door.  Michael was already heading through the gallery, still wearing his grin, finding my discomfort amusing.  “Get used to it, Hon, you’re fraternizing with the dark side now,” grinned Michael.  I made a face that was supposed to be read, “yeah, and tell me why that is again?”  “So, I was on my way back from a client meeting in Seattle and thought maybe we could have lunch,” I said.  “Seattle, huh?  I’m impressed!” he teased. “Yeah, well, don’t be.  She’s a girlfriend of mine who happens to live near Seattle.”  I had no delusions about my little tax practice.  Seattle clients were not even on my radar.  I was lucky to get clients in Tacoma.  Most of my clients were right in Puyallup or the small surrounding cities.  My days of being a big-shot tax accountant in Seattle were long behind me.  My climb up the ladder to big firm success suddenly halted with Connor’s autism diagnosis.  “I’d love to, Hon, but I don’t have time.  I have to go by the jail and meet with a client and then be back in court at one-thirty.  I probably won’t eat anything until about 4 o’clock this afternoon when I get out of court,” Michael said.  “Oh, well it was worth a shot,” I said, trying not to sound disappointed.  Michael stepped close to me and I could feel the heat radiating through his vest.  “Where are you parked?” he asked.  “At your office,” I replied.  “Good, walk with me.  I need to swing by my office and grab a couple of files.”  Michael’s office was only two blocks from the courthouse.  It was a plain looking two story building, brown and unimpressive.  It housed two of the three firms used as King County’s public defenders.  His firm had the second floor.  
