His office was located in a part of the building referred to as “Sleepy Hollow” because it was usually quiet and deserted.  This served Michael perfectly as he frequently enjoyed a power nap in his office after lunch.  He walked at a quick pace, but I had no trouble keeping up.  I wasn’t known as “road runner” in high school for nothing.  As we walked I congratulated him on the win at the 3-5 hearing.  “Yeah, poor kid.  He’s accused of sexual assault,” he explained.  “Really!  What did he do?” I asked, my horror a little too obvious.   Michael looked sideways at me with a look of distain and sighed.  “He’s alleged to have kissed a fellow college student and fondle her breast outside in the smoking shelter, but he says she encouraged the kiss and that she’s the one who put his hand on her breast,” he explained.  “Why would she lie about it?” I asked.  “She’s mentally unstable, her online name is “disturbed one” and all her posts are poems about getting vengeance on those who reject or wrong her.  Cory says he pulled away from kissing her feeling guilty because he has a girlfriend and ran off.  Cory has a very low IQ and the mental capacity of an 8 year old.  My guess is she didn’t like the rejection and decided to get back at him by reporting it as an assault,” he explained.  “Well, I’m sure the jury will figure that out when they see her poetry,” I surmised.  “Hon, the jury will never know about the poetry.  It’s inadmissible.”  “Why!” I cried.  “She’s not the one on trial, it’s not relevant,” he explained.  “Seems relevant to me,” I mumbled.  “I agree, but I have to work within the rules of evidence,” he sighed.  I was beginning to see that his was not an easy job and that maybe he wasn’t always just a tool for setting the delinquents of society free to offend again.  Michael suddenly stopped and I realized we were standing at my car in the parking lot of his building.  He took me by the hips and pulled me close, “Wanna come up to my office?” he asked while his lips swept across my cheek. “Why,” I pouted, “you have to hurry out anyway.” “Well, I could afford to give the twins my undivided attention for a couple of minutes.”  As he said this his hands were moving up and his eyes were moving down.  “The twins” were Michael’s primary source of entertainment; they were my primary source of back pain.  “Tempting,” I snarked, “but think I’ll pass.”  “Dinner?” Michael asked.  “Depends.”  Michael raised his eyebrows “On what?”  I flashed him my best smile. “Are you cooking?”   
By the time I got home I was starving.  I went straight into the kitchen and went on the prowl for something quick to eat.  I decided on a peanut butter and mayonnaise sandwich.  I took it and a big glass of ice water upstairs and back to my office.  
