I was sitting at my desk chewing my last bite of sandwich when my cell phone rang.  I didn’t recognize the number, but it was from the Seattle area.   I chewed faster, took a swig of water, and answered the phone on the fourth ring.  “Hello?” I said.  “Hello, Amelia?” the caller asked.  “Yes?” I replied.  “Hi, it’s Steve Cantrell, your divorce attorney, how are you?”  I rolled my eyes up to the ceiling and let out a quick sigh.  Steve was a good attorney and a nice enough guy, but he reminded me of my ex and the divorce, so I didn’t really enjoy chatting with him.  “Good, Steve, how about yourself?” I asked, my eyes still on the ceiling. “Good, business is booming.”  Sad state of affairs since he only did divorces.  “A former client of mine called me earlier today for advice, and I suggested he might need to hire an accountant to review his company’s books.  I told him I knew a good accountant and that I’d call and see if you were interested in taking on the job,” Steve explained.  “He received an anonymous tip that someone is embezzling from his company.”  “So he wants an accountant to review his records and look for anything hinky?” I asked.  “Exactly, and he’s willing to pay $1,000 for it.”  Hot dog!  “Yeah, sure, I’d be happy to help.”  Steve gave me a name and number to call and within a few minutes I had an appointment scheduled to meet Jacob Feist in his office the next day at two o’clock.  
“Hey, Hot Stuff,” smiled Benito.  Hot stuff?  First off, who says “Hot Stuff” anymore?  Second, I have never thought of myself as any kind of “hot” material, stuff or otherwise.  I hated my German frame.  I hated that I weighed 170 pounds, even if no one else would guess that I did.  I hated the triple D bra I had to wear to cart my mutant breasts around.  I didn’t mind my naturally curly brown hair, but I didn’t really know how to style it.  I usually pulled it up into a messy ponytail on top of my head, and my idea of makeup was a swipe of tinted Burt’s Bees wax on my lips.  Not to mention I lived in fear that my friend Heidi would end up getting me put on television show “How Not To Dress.”  Comfort was my main goal when dressing and it showed.  Benito was the “hot” one, and I was sure he could have any number of beautiful women on his arm without much effort.  This lead me to wonder if he was he being sarcastic calling me “Hot Stuff.”  And even if he really did mean it, I wasn’t sure I like being called “Hot Stuff.” I mean, it’s kind of demeaning, isn’t it?  On the other hand, W-O-W, Benito thinks I’m hot stuff!  “Lia, I’m starting to smell smoke.  You gotta stop thinking so hard!” Benito said.  
