My head was being held at a slight cock to the right, my eyebrows were scrunched and my mouth was pursed.  I would have to decide what I thought of “Hot Stuff” later, right now there was work to be done.
I knew I was being watched as I walked away.  I could practically feel Michael and Benito’s eyes burning into my back, or I should say, backside.  It made me self-conscious and nervous, but also a little giddy.  I found myself throwing a little extra swing into my step.  Take that, boys!  The smug smile slipped off my face at the same time I slipped on the stone walkway.  I went down on my keester with my arms flying out behind me, landing with a plunk on the wet stone.  Michael and Benito were at my side in a flash helping me to my feet with goofy smirks on their face.  There went any hope I had that that they had already turned away and missed my fall. Blanche.  “You ok, Grace?” Michael asked, not even trying to hide his laughter.  Benito had the courtesy to suppress his.  My face was hot and my butt was cold.  “I’m fine!” I insisted, “These wet rocks are really slippery!”  Michael took me by the shoulders and spun me around to evaluate the damage.  He brushed his hand across my seat a couple of times, and I turned four shades of red.  “Well, you got a little wet, Hon.  Hope you don’t have to meet with any clients this afternoon.”  “No, I’m headed home.  No biggie!  Thanks for the hand, I’m good now.  See you later!” I gushed.  Neither of them said a word, but the grins were bigger than ever and I hustled away, the swing gone.
Four o’clock came and went with no sign of Daryl.  Big surprise.  At 4:45 I called his cell phone.  I got his recording, “You got Daryl, you know what to do.”  I decided not to bother doing it.  He would see that I called and he would know that he blew it.  Again.  So much for my romantic dinner with Michael.  Good thing Michael was cool about these kinds of things.  I had thawed an extra chicken breast for Connor, just in case this happened.  Connor was playing in the back yard and the house was calm for the moment.  I put on some music, Soft Hits, and began preparing dinner.  Chicken piccata, linguine, asparagus, green salad with Italian dressing, and a bottle of Pinot Gris.  As I pounded out the chicken breasts and dredged them through the flour I let myself think about my new nickname with Benito.  “Hot Stuff” seemed to have stuck and I didn’t think it was going away, whether I liked it or not.  If I was going to be honest, I had to admit that I did.  It was wrong, I knew, to get this silly grin on my face when I thought of Benito; even worse to feel the warm flush run down my belly and into my nether-regions.  
