I loved Michael.  What was I going to do with Benito?  I few ideas ran through my head and I felt the warm rush again.  Oops.  The chicken breasts were sautéing and I was ready to add the wine and lemon juice when dawned on me that is was too quiet.  When Connor was that quiet, it usually meant trouble.  I turned the chicken down to low and went to check on him.  I called to the backyard but didn’t see or hear him there, so I wandered upstairs calling his name and listening for him.  The television in his room was on with nothing but fuzz playing.  My office door was still shut and I checked to verify it was locked.  I moved to my bedroom hoping he wasn’t playing with water in my bathroom.  “Connor?  Are you making a mess in there?” I called.  Nothing but quiet.  I looked all around the room, under the bed, under the pillows, in the closet, on the balcony.  No sign of Connor.  I was starting to feel uncomfortable, but not panicked.  “Connor!” I called again, as I rechecked his room, under his bed, in his closet.  I double checked the hall bathroom and even unlocked and checked my office.  I went back downstairs and checked behind the couch, behind the drapes, behind the television, calling his name all the while.  “Connor, you want some chocolate milk?” I bribed.  Nothing.  I rechecked the backyard and this time went around to the side yard and that’s when I saw it.  The side gate was wide open.  I could feel panic building.  How did he open it, he can’t reach the top latch, I wondered.  I went through the open gate and began checking the front yard.  My heart rate was starting to rise and I began briskly walking up the street calling to him and looking between houses.  “Connor’s missing again?” my neighbor Carol asked.  “Yeah,” I answered.  “Doug, Connor’s missing.  Have you seen him?” Carol called to her husband who was hunched over in their side yard pulling weeds.  “No,” he grunted, struggling to stand up.  “I’ll go down to the end of the cul-de-sac and look around for him if you want to go back the other way,” Doug offered.  “Thanks, Doug.  I appreciate that.”  “I’ll call a few neighbors and see if anyone has seen him,” Carol said as she headed into their house.  Fifteen minutes later I was way past panic.  I made the decision it was time to call 911 and have Connor’s EmSeeQ device activated.  I had called Michael and he was pulling into the driveway as I headed inside to make the call.  “Has he been found yet?” he asked as he rushed up the driveway toward me.  “No, I’m going to have his device activated,” I said.  I was surprised how calm I sounded.  I wondered if I was in shock.  “Come on, I’ll make the call,” Michael offered, taking my arm and pulling me to the front door.  
