“How long has he been missing?  Where did you see him last?  What was he wearing?” he fired off.  “I’m not exactly sure how long, I was cooking dinner and noticed it was too quiet.  Maybe 30 minutes?  45?  He was in the backyard playing, and I found the side gate open.”  “How did he get it open?” Michael asked.  “Yes, hello, I need to report a missing child.  He has autism and he is wearing an EmSeeQ tracking device.  He was last seen in the..”  “Hon,” Michael was shaking my arm, “Hon, are you ok?”  I managed a slight nod to Michael.  I was sitting on the couch staring off into nowhere, trying with everything I had not to think.  I told myself if I could just not think and wait it out, he would be found and back before I had to deal with the reality of his missing.  I sat there repeating my mantra to myself, “Don’t think, don’t think” and squelched my worry every time it threatened to surface.  A few minutes later, there was a flurry of commotion at the front door, the police were talking to Michael.  I thought I heard Benito’s voice, but I didn’t dare turn my head to check.  It was taking everything I had to hold back the panic that threatened to send me in ten different directions all at once.  “They got the call from the device,” Michael said, “they don’t have a triangulation yet, but the closest tower has been identified and he’s right in the area.  It won’t be long until they will know right where to find him.  It’s going to be fine, he’ll be found, Lia, it’ll be fine,” Michael gushed.  Tears started forming in the corners of my eyes.  I think they were tears of relief.  The wait was almost over, I just had to hang on a little while longer.  My heart was beginning to return to a regular pace.  Still too fast, but regular.  The jumping and skipping was going away.  When an EmSeeQ device is activated, the cell tower closest to it initiates a call to 911.  Based on the location of that tower, Search and Rescue have an idea of the location of the missing person, but not enough information to begin searching.  The signal from the device needs to be picked up by the next two closest cell towers and with these three cell towers identified, a triangulation is created that outlines the most likely location of the missing person.  This area is searched first and then the search continues outward from there until the person is found.  The average length of time it takes to find a missing person once they have the triangulation is around 35 minutes.  Several more minutes passed, each one felt like an hour.  Then suddenly I could hear shouting from the backyard, a police officer was saying something.  “I found it,” he said.  My brain was trying to process this statement.  What did that mean, I found it.  
