I found IT.  I came out of my semi-comatose state and looked at Michael.  He was standing in the doorframe leading to the backyard.  He looked scared, worried.  “The device was found by the gate.  It was cut off of him,” Michael said.  I lost feeling to my legs and began to see black dots and hear buzzing.  Michael was by my side, pushing my head between my legs.  “Breathe, just breathe,” he implored.  And then everything went black.  I opened my eyes and it took about two heartbeats for me to recall what was going on.  Michael was looking at me, sitting next to me on the couch.  I was lying down and I popped up to sitting.  Dizziness whipped my head around and I nearly fell off the couch.  “The police have put a call in to form a search party, Benito and his friends are already out there looking.  They’re treating this as an abduction,” Michael explained.  The strange phone message suddenly went through my mind, ‘Stop sticking your nose in other people’s business or you’re going to be sorry’, it had warned.  Could someone have taken Connor because I was getting too close to discovering their extortion?, I wondered.  I sprung off the couch, “I have to look for him,” I said and started for the front door.  “I have to go look, where’s my keys, where’s my purse,” I demanded.  My head was whipping around in deperation looking for..I couldn’t remember what.  My keys!  That’s right, I needed my keys.  “Honey, you can’t drive like this, please just sit down,” Michael begged.  I was headed out the front door, without keys, needing to move, to go, to look for Connor.  Daryl’s Explorer pulled into the driveway.  Great, NOW he comes.  Michael must have called and told him about Connor.  What was I going to say?  I lost our son.  I didn’t need this right now.  Daryl opened his car door and jumped out, then opened the door to the backseat and Connor hopped out.  He ran toward the house and I bent down and caught him in my arms.  Relief washed through me like a ten-foot wave.  I held onto him and wept on his neck for a full minute before he finally squirmed away from me and ran into the house.   Michael and Benito were having a heated conversation with Daryl, assumably asking him why he had Connor and informing him of the chaos he had caused.  I didn’t hear a word being spoken, fury had my ears ringing, my blood pumping loudly in my chest.  I closed the distance between me and Daryl in a heartbeat, drew my right arm back with my hand in a fist, and punched him square in the nose as I yelled “You Son of a Bitch!”   “SUGAR!” I yelled between gritted teeth, holding my bleeding fist in my other hand.  I must have made contact with some of his teeth because I had several cuts on my knuckles.  
