Daryl was doubled over crying out in pain, blood gushing from his face.  Benito hustled Daryl closer to his truck.  Michael put his arm on my back and led me to the house, into the kitchen, and stuck my hand under cold running water at the sink.  Neither of us said a word for a minute as he dried my cut knuckles and pulled out the first aid kit.  Three of my knuckles were cut and slightly swollen, but I didn’t appear to have broken anything.  I wasn’t sure I could say the same for Daryl.  “Where’s Connor,” I asked.  “I saw him go upstairs, I’m sure he’s in his room watching Thomas,” Michael said.  Benito was outside talking with the police.  “Ouch,” I whispered, looking at my bandaged fist.  Michael took my hand and gently kissed each injured knuckle.  Then he looked at me and smiled wide.  “Remind me never to make you mad,” he said.  “I’ve wanted to punch him in the mouth for the last four years,” I admitted, “It was definitely worth the pain.”  He threw his head back and laughed out loud, and then I started laughing.  For a couple of minutes neither of us could stop laughing, the result of excess adrenaline suddenly no longer needed.  During the laughing spurt Benito walked into the kitchen, a broad smile across his face.  When Michael and I stopped laughing, Benito looked at me and said, “Nice shot, Hot Stuff, I think you broke his nose!”  Ok, I thought to myself, I like “Hot Stuff.”  Benito told us Daryl had said he saw my call and realized he had forgotten to get Connor so rushed on over.  Once he arrived, he couldn’t stand the thought of facing me, and when he saw Connor was in the backyard, he decided just to grab him and go.  He used his pocket knife to remove the EmSeeQ device as a way of getting back at me, to give me a little scare.  He said he thought I would call him when I noticed Connor missing.  He had just taken Connor for ice cream and brought him back, he had only had him for an hour.  It hadn’t occurred to him that I would have the police involved so quickly.  That sounded like Daryl, flying by the seat of his pants, making it up as he went without regard to consequences.  The police were still outside talking to him, and they were going to have a couple of questions for me as well.  “Oh great,” I murmured.  “Hope I don’t get charged with assault.”  “Well, if you do, I’m sure we can come to some arrangement on my fees,” Michael grinned.  “I don’t think you have to worry about that.  Me and Daryl discussed the official version of events.  You’re going to verify his story that this was a simple mistake and that he thought you knew he had Connor, and he will verify your story that his broken nose was caused by a spill he took when he got out of the truck bringing Connor home.  
