As for the EmSeeQ device, Connor must have cut the bracelet off himself and dropped it in the yard,” said Benito.  “But I also made it clear to him that if he pulls a stunt like this again, he will suffer a much worse accident.  Like a slip off the top of Multnomah Falls.”  Multnomah Falls is a 600 some-odd foot waterfall on the Columbia River Gorge.  I was almost sure the threat was an empty one.  Dinner was ruined.  The chicken had been simmering in no sauce for well over an hour and were now dried, hard lumps stuck to the bottom of the frying pan.  “How about Chinese,” suggested Michael.  “I know of a place that delivers.”
I held my hands flat, palms down and tipped them side to side, sign language for “All Done.”  “All Done, Connor.  All done with the cheese,” I explained.  Connor responded by head butting me in the stomach and wailing.  I caught his head and squeezed it.  Head squeezes always help Connor calm down, and it helped prevent additional head butts.  “Were going to have dinner soon, Buddy, so no more snacks.”  I let go of his head to grab the picture of a dinner plate with food on it, and Connor took advantage of the moment to reach around and grab one of the dining room chairs, pushing it over backwards.  The chair hit the floor with a thud, and I scrambled to recapture Connor.  Before I could reach him he had swept his arm across the kitchen island, sending the paperwork, glass of water, and book that were on it flying through the air.  “Connor!” I hollered, disbelief in my tone.  Connor ran into the living room and gave the recliner a good push, crashing it into the wall behind it.  I finally caught up to him and had his head in my hands again, squeezing it and encouraging him to calm down.  The tantrum was over in just a few seconds, and I headed back to the kitchen to clean up the mess.  The glass of water had dumped all over the book and had broken, the paperwork was scattered about the kitchen floor, some of it wet as well.  The doorbell rang.  “Sugar!” I huffed.  I had hoped to clean the mess up before Michael showed up.  I stomped to the front door to flip the safety latch and let him in.
“Guess who I heard from today.” I said to Michael as his began sautéing onions.  “Uh, Steve?” he guessed.  “How did you know?”  “He called me for your cell phone number.  Said something about a possible job.”  “Yeah, he has a client who wants his business’s books looked over to rule out embezzlement,” I explained.  “Offered me $1,000 to do it!”  “Did you accept?”  “Of course I accepted!  That will pay more than half of the ABA summer program for Connor!”  “So I’m dating a forensic accountant, now, huh?” Michael smiled.  Forensic accountant.  Sounds kind of sexy, I thought.  
