It is now the second week of high school and we've pretty much resigned ourselves to the notion that Mr. McCabe is going to be one of those asshole teachers.  He's an older man of about 65 with more salt than pepper hair parted at the side who comes striding into class everyday at 1:30 on the nose.  He has the build of a runner and moves with speed and energy that belies his age.  Older students claim that he runs the 26 miles from his house to school one morning a year.  There's also intensity about him, an eagerness to press forward and test boundaries that is evident in the impatient and arrogant air about him.  Today, he writes a single question on the board about the weekend's reading - Shakespeare's Julius Caesar Act I, Scene I and he passes out a single sheet of white lined paper; demanding that we write with pen on every other line.  All he gives in way of instruction is to "Agree or disagree with the statement.  Support your position from the text.  You have five minutes."  
I lean to the side and reach into my still stiff, newly purchased Jansport backpack to retrieve my book (along with the rest of the class).  Mr. McCabe, standing in the front of the room, yells, "SANZ TEXT!  SANZ TEXT!!"  These words are met with mostly dumbfounded looks.  He promptly grabs a barely creased paperback from the trembling hands of a student in the front row and sends it across the room with a flick of his wrist, meeting the wall with a sharp thwack!  With the meaning of sanz text clear, everyone quickly begins to write, with their books tucked safely in their bags.  
After about four minutes Mr. McCabe asks if we need more time and everyone nods in unison.  Frustratedly, he replies that we have two more minutes.  He begins to fill this extra time by standing between two rows of students, placing is palms flat on the desktops to his sides.  With his arms locked straight, he bends his knees and begins to swing.  As our time runs out, his feet quickly connect with the ground, startling us from our writing.  Before the echo of his shoes connecting with the floor fades, he demands the papers be passed forward.  
As we begin to discuss Caesar, I'm surprised to find Mr. McCabe taking it slowly, pushing for detailed analysis on almost every line.  A student in the back of the class tries to pawn off a weak and sarcastic synthesis and is confronted with a piece of chalk whizzing by his ear, followed up by McCabe asking "Come on, where the hell is that in the goddamn text?" He attempts to extract a couple more interpretations from his unwilling class, but ends up frustrated, muttering, "no, no, NO DAMNIT!"
As we progressed slowly through the rest of Caesar, intricate levels of detail and subtleties became apparent; the opposition of light and dark, play of words, small anachronisms, foreshadowing, etc.  