After all, the societal norms that attempt to prescribe to me a particular view of the world are nothing more than customs that have needed to evolve over time.  These norms ought to be influenced by the way that each new generation sees the world, rather than having every generation be moored to the viewpoints of their ancestors on all things moral or proper.  I can't help to feel when reading these poems that a great many people who consider themselves to be good human beings are very likely missing the point entirely, and can't help but hope that there are others who see things in the same light as I see them. 
         I found the Dostoevsky story "A Gentle Spirit" to be one of the most depressing things I've ever read.  I feel an enormous amount of pity for both the pawn broker and for his wife.  On the one hand, the pawn broker wants to control the woman, to possess her entirely, to break her.  He does this for reasons that are almost admirable, though, having first been attracted to the fire in her eyes and her youthful demeanor, and soon after practically buying her out of slavery, he wants her to respect him for who he is and to see in him some of what he sees in her.  He knows that if he never gives her a reason to respect him, that she'll always see him as the man who purchased her from her aunts, rather than as a husband. 
        It seems such a shame, to think that he might very well have been able to find someone who understood him.  There are, of course, women who would be happy to be subservient, who wouldn't buck at his control, who would understand what he was trying to accomplish and how he was going about it.  It is never easy to find a parter who understands you, and who meets your needs as well as you meet hers.  I can easily relate to him, in spite of all his flaws.  His problem isn't that he's prideful, or that he's controlling, or that he's manipulative.  His problem is simply that he doesn't know what he wants; he harbors contradictory desires.  On the one hand, he wants the fire of youth, with all the passion and contempt that accompanies it, and on the other hand he wants a submissive wife who'll bow to his every whim. 
        The pawn broker is constantly attempting to assert control.  He listens to her talk, but never responds.  He's stingy with the household money, using it as another form of mastery, always being mindful of how it is spent.  Everywhere, though, his reasons seem not unreasonable.  He wants, by slowly increasing the amount of money that he metes out to her, to simulate growing fondness, and lull her into love.  He even wants to save a lot of his money so that one day, after he's won her respect, and after she has seen through his cool, steely guise that they can retire happily by the sea.  
