Abstract: The purpose of this experiment was to perform an extensive literature research project on the synthesis of Gold Nanoparticles. Presented in this report is a summary of each article, a brief summary of each procedure, and the advantages and disadvantages to each synthesis. The main factors for assessing how well a procedure is are speed, reaction greenness, effectiveness, material cost, and ease of completion. The results obtained show that synthesis with plant matter is much more green, effective, cheap, and usually quicker and easier to perform than the more complicated syntheses that required more extensive chemical usage. The major conclusion of this report is that using plants or other biomaterial is much more effective overall than extensive chemical usage to synthesize gold nanoparticles.
Introduction: 
The purpose of this research is to figure out, from all the methods previously used to synthesize gold nanoparticles, which of these are the most effective overall. Various projects have been carried out in the field of nanoparticle research. Many different plant and culture cell syntheses have been carried out. Honey, various plant leaves, and certain polymers are key ingredients in gold nanoparticle synthesis. The best way to most efficiently synthesize gold nanoparticles is to take into account the solvent, the reducing agent, and the stabilizing agent. Every synthesis has these components and the cheaper and safer they are, and the less time extensive the reaction is the better.
Gold nanoparticles have been sought after as they have great potential in many fields of study. These fields include chemistry, medical usage(pharmaceuticals), physics, biology, and materials science. Some real life applications of nanoparticles include: colorimetric sensors,  deep tissue imaging, photothermal therapy, identification of pathogens in the body, optics, electronics, catalysts, and medicines. 
The nanoparticles have qualities which affect their application including their shape (morphology)and their size.  The goal of nanoparticle research is to find safe nanoparticles that have narrow size distributions and high stability. To control the particle size, the distribution and stability of the particles is important. The size and shape of the nanoparticles greatly affects the optoelectronic and physiochemical properties. 
Article Summaries and Analysis:
Article Category one: natural consumable synthetic aids
Article 1: Green Synthesis of gold nanoparticles using Cinnamomum zeylanicum leaf broth
	In the experimental procedure, Hydrogen tetracholoroaureate (III) hydrate and 24 grams of C. zeylanicum leaves were used. The leaves were added to 300 mL of deionized water and boiled for five minutes. Four mL of the leaf broth generated was added to 30 mL of 2x10-4 M aqueous HAuCl4. The reaction took one hour to complete. 
	This synthesis is a very positive one overall.  It is quick, very green, and inexpensive. According to the results, spherical particles with an average particle size of 25 nm were generated. The experiment allows various shapes of particles to be generated by varying the concentration of the extract (leaf broth) used with the gold. These nanoparticles are most likely eco-friendly due to the synthesis materials.
Article #2: Green synthesis of gold nanoparticles using ethanolic leaf extract of Centella asiatica