	Chloroauric acid and matured C. asiatica leaves were the main two materials used. The leaves were washed with double distilled water and dried for a week, then grinded into a powder. The powder was extracted with ethanol under shaking incubation for 24 hours. Two percent (v/v) of the extract was mixed with 1 mM of chloroauric acid and was magnetically stirred.
	This reaction is not as good as the previous synthesis, yet still competent. It is more costly as it requires more apparatus and more materials. It takes a week for the leaves to dry. It is still green, as ethanol usage is not really a problem. It effectively creates a lot of spherical nanoparticles ranging from 2 to 22 nm, with an average of 9.3 nm. However, this range may seem too broad. This reaction does not use toxic reagents as the first synthesis but is still not as effective because it takes longer. However, it still can be used.
Article 3:Honey mediated synthesis of gold nanoparticles
	Natural honey and chloroauric acid are the main two materials in this procedure. 50 mg of chloroauric acid was dissolved in 120 ml of deionized water. 20 grams of honey was diluted to 70 ml and 10 ml of this was added to the HAuCl4 and stirred. It took 3 hours for the reaction to occur.
	This is, overall, just as good as the Cinnamomum synthesis. It is just as green (if not greener) as the Cinnamomum synthesis and just as inexpensive (honey and cinnamomum are cheap and easy to obtain). The variance in honey solution concentration also changed the shape of the gold nanoparticles like the cimmamomum synthesis. The cinnamomum synthesis had an edge on time (1 hour versus 3 hours). This synthesis did not require any special equipment either.
Article 4: Green Synthesis and characterizations of silver and gold nanoparticles using the leaf extract of Rosa rugosa
	This synthesis was very simple, as 60 mM of auric acid was reduced using 2.5 mL of leaf extract at room temperature for 10 minutes, successfully creating gold nanoparticles.
	This reaction is very green as it uses harmless leaves and generates minimal waste. It is performed quickly and the materials are inexpensive. It requires no real special equipment to synthesize. This was the quickest synthesis (10 minutes) and the best overall as it successfully synthesized the particles as green and efficient as possible. 
Article 5: Plant-mediated synthesis of silver and gold nanoparticles and their applications
	This article presents an overview of various green syntheses of gold nanoparticles. Some plants used include medicago sativa, chilopis linearis, pelargonium graveolens, hop biomass, cymbopagon flexuous, avena sativa, cicer arientinum, tamarindus indica, triticum aestivum and sesbania, aloe vera, brassica juncea, emblica officinails, azadirachta indica, and cinnamommum camphora. All of these are common plants, yet their more obscure names are given in the article, and are cheap compared to chemicals. Various shapes are made depending on the plant used, including: twinned, crystal, icosahedral, tetrahedral, hexagonal platelets, icosahedral multiple twinned, decahedral multiple twinned, spherical rods, triangular, hexagonal, irregular, and spherical. 
