These plants serve purposes as reducing agents. For example, aloe vera extract controls particle shape and size. 
	There are many syntheses presented in the article. The synthesis with pelargonium gravoleons leaf extract is simple. It requires cutting the leaves and boiling them with water. Then the chloroauric solution is added and the solution is reacted for 2 hours. This is green, inexpensive, and quick.
	An important key factor to keep in mind is that varying the amount of plant extract usually affects the size and shape of the gold nanoparticles. The example is lemongrass, in which the size and ratio of spherical to triangular/hexagonal particles both increase. 
	Another synthesis is using dry wheat biomass. It is mixed with 0.3 mmol/L potassium tetrachloroaureate solution at different ph for 3.5 h and led to the synthesis of various nanoparticles. This method is green, effective, but not as quick as the other plant syntheses studied. 
	Various classification methods are used to prove that gold nanoparticles are synthesized. These methods include: UV spectroscopy, in which a peak of around 550 nm is sought after, X-ray diffraction in which it is determined if the nanoparticles are metallic, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, which measured intensity vs. wavelength, and Raman spectroscopy, which characterizes material composition.
Article Group 2: Non green methods
Article 6: Synthesis of highly stable gold nanoparticles using conventional and germinal ionic liquids
The main synthesis materials used were: Tetrachloroauric acid (HAuCl4), sodium borohydride (NaBH4),1-methylimidazole, 1,12-dibromododecane, chlorododecane, and Ethyl acetate. The reagents were not further purified after purchase and the water used was purified by the Millipore system.
	First, the conventional IL was synthesized by reaction of 1-methylimidazole with excess chlorodecane and was stirred for 3 days straight at 70 degrees C. This was then purified by continuous washing with ethyl acetate and dryed in a vacuum oven.
	Next, the GIL was synthesized by using a 2 to 1 molar ratio (in this case 0.20 mol to 0.10 mol) of 1-methylimidazole with dibromodecane. 20 ml of isopropanol was added, refluxed at 70 C for 3 days at a constant stir, and the isoproponal was then removed under vacuum at 60 C. This product was dissolved in 25 ml of milli-Q water, then extracted 5 times with 15 ml portions of ethyl acetate to rid it of excess starting materials. This generated a yellow-brown liquid, which was then dried in the vacuum oven for 2 days. 
	The AuNP synthesis follows. First all glassware was placed in a 1 to 3 ratio of HCL/HNO3 solution and was rinsed three times with water that had been distilled three times. Then two solutions were made, which shall be called from this point on as solution A and solution B. Solution A contained 120 micro-liters of 0.05 M HAuCL4 (aq) added to 20 ml of 6.2 mM of [C12mim][Cl] (aq). Solution B contained 120 micro-liters 0.05 M HAuCl4 (aq) added to 20 ml of 29.1 mM of [GIL]. 
