Then A and B were stirred vigorously. Then, 0.4 M NaBH4 (aq) added to stirred solutions drop by drop until color went from pale yellow to red. Solutions  were then centrifuged for 20 minutes to remove the excess ILs, and wine colored product solutions were formed and stored at room temperature.
	This experiment is lengthy and takes a week to complete. It uses a multitude of harmful reagents and generates a lot of waste. Due to the amount of reagents it needs, it is more expensive. Overall, it completes the job but does not do it in a very effective way.
Article 7: Stable gold nanoparticle encapsulated in silica-dendrimers organic-inorganic hybrid composite as recyclable catalyst for oxidation of alcohol
	First, it is necessary to learn how to make the sba-15. First a hydrothermal reaction is carried out at 373 k for 2 days by established procedures (article gives no further detail). Then a michael addition constantly happens four times and the amidation of the ester occurs as well to get to a fourth generation polymer,4- PAMAM-sba-15. Then this powder is tested to find dendrimers numbers. 
	Now, the synthesis. First 0.1 g of the above powder is ultrasonically spread in 30 ml of ph 2 hydrochloric acid aqueous solution. Then 5 ml 0.02 M HAuCl4 aqueous is added and stirred at room temp for 6 hours. Then it is “centrifugated” and washed multiple times to remove excess HAuCl4. The yellow powder made is re-spread in 20 ml ultra pure distilled h20 and reduced by 20 ml of 0.1 M NaBH4 overnight. Then it is centrifuged, washed, dried and the wine red product is made. The amount of HAuCl4 is varied in repeat trials to find Au influence on particle size and cat activity. 
	This reaction is quicker and more green and more effective than the other one before it. However, it is still not a good route when compared to the much cheaper and greener plant routes outlined.
Article 8: Gold nanoparticles prepared by sonochemical method in thiol-functionalized ionic liquid
	The thiol-functionalized ionic liquid was synthesized, and a 0.25 mM, 5 mL solution of HAuCl4 was added to it. This was repeated for different molar ratios of Au to thiol liquid. The liquid was stirred 5 minutes and hydrogen peroxide was added and ultrasound irradiation at 25 C was carried out.
	The reaction was successful, as it showed the Plasmon resonance band in the UV spectroscopy in the correct region. It was very effective as the range of sizes was fairly narrow for all the ratios. It is an environmentally friendly method but is less green due to the thiol-functionalized ionic liquid as opposed to using a plant or culture. The process is quick due to the speed up by the ultrasound irradiation.
Conclusion: Overall, there are many factors that attribute to the success of creating gold nanoparticles. The syntheses using plants, in general, were quick, green, and environmentally friendly. The sonochemical method was also fairly green and friendly. 
