However, the methods using multitudes of chemicals and complicated apparatus were, in general, very eco-unfriendly and took a very long time to complete. From this research it can be concluded that the best syntheses were the ones that used natural ingredients as this minimizes waste and maximizes application to biomedical and biological uses, to name a few.

Asc 400-Values Seminar
February 26, 2010
Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X: Proponents of Human Rights 
	Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X can be seen as two revolutionary men in the civil rights movement, and they had their similarities and differences. They were two men who both pushed for change in a racially segregated United States of America but they had separate methods. This essay will begin with a biography of each man and outline the major events in their life. Next, this essay will present the viewpoints of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as well as Malcolm X and discuss the evolution of each leader’s ideas and thoughts on how the civil rights movement is meant to be carried out. After that, it will compare and contrast the various aspects of each leader. Then, it will discuss each man’s accomplishments. Finally, it shall conclude on an analysis of each man’s theories and the effectiveness of their application.
	Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was born on January 15, 1929 in Atlanta, Georgia. His parents were Alberta Williams  King and Martin Luther King Sr. Dr. King described his mother as basically a sweet, caring Christian woman and his father as a strong, physically as well as mentally imposing figure with a dynamic personality and a lot of confidence. His father was the pastor at the Ebenezer Baptist Church. Dr. King grew up in a middle class family and had a very good family life. He rarely saw his parents argue or fight. He went to public schools in his hometown, attended the then Atlanta University Laboratory High School for two years, then completed his high school education at Booker T. Washington High School. As with his father, the church was always a very big part of Dr. King’s life and he was a part of the church since age five. 
King was shaped greatly by two main events in his childhood. The first was the death of his grandmother, since he loved her so dearly. The second event had to do with a friendship with a white boy. The two of them were friends but as they grew up the boys parents made him stop being friends with young Martin simply due to the issue of the color of his skin. This event made Dr. King realize how much he hated the segregation and racism and how he wanted to change it someday. His father had a big influence on young King as well because he did not accept the system of segregation and his beliefs were impressed upon his son (King’s Autobiography 1-8).
