They moved a lot during his childhood, finally settling in Lansing, Michigan. The Little family was terrorized by whites who took matters into their own hands due to Earl’s participation in the Back to Africa movement, a movement whose name describes its main purpose. When Malcolm was only six years old, his father was found dead by the side of streetcar tracks. This traumatic event deeply scarred young Malcolm. Malcolm was quite the problem child and in 1938 he was placed in a foster home and his mother was institutionalized. After the eighth grade, Malcolm quit school. Malcolm’s young adult life would prove to be criminal (McGill 1).
	At the age of seventeen, Malcolm lived with his half sister in Boston, Massachusetts. He worked as a shoe shiner and was a hustler. After that, he worked in the pernicious neighborhood of Harlem as a dining car attendant. Here, he participated in criminal activities such as selling narcotics and being a pimp. He acquired the nickname “Detroit Red” on the streets. He was not drafted for the war and he became addicted to marijuana and cocaine (Pan African 123). At the age of twenty he was arrested for armed robbery and sent to prison (McGill 1-2).
	In prison, Malcolm learned of a religious movement known as the Nation of Islam, or the Black Muslims, which was lead by Elijiah Muhammad. After his sentence was over, Malcolm joined this group and became Malcolm X. He became a Black Muslim leader and recruited many new followers. In 1958, he married Betty Jean Sanders(McGill 2). Malcolm and his wife had three daughters and one son (Pan African 124). A controversial speech made by Malcolm accusing former president John F. Kennedy of faking to help the civil rights cause led to his ninety day suspension by Elijah Muhammad. This led Malcolm to establish his own group, the Muslin Mosque, Inc. in 1963. Malcolm changed his name to El-Hajj Malik El-Shabazz after his five week pilgrimage to Mecca, Saudi Arabia, and Africa in 1964. He formed yet another group, the Organization of African American Unity. In February 1965 his home was bombed and he was assassinated on February 21 of the same year while giving a speech in Harlem (McGill 2-3).
	Now it is necessary to present the viewpoints of Dr. King and his philosophy regarding bringing about change for African Americans. Dr. King was a huge advocate of nonviolent resistance and is quoted as saying “I am convinced that for practical as well as moral reasons, nonviolence offers the only road to freedom for my people” (Essential Writings 55). This quote shows that Dr. King does not even consider violence as an option, or even self defense, but nonviolent resistance. According to Dr. King, it is not smart to allow self defense in a nonviolent protest because there is a fine line between self defense and outright aggression (Essential Writings 57). 
