	Dr. King’s method of nonviolence has numerous focal points and points that need clarification. Many people may think because you let your opponent hit and beat you and do not retaliate with violence that it is cowardly. However, Dr. King stresses that this is not the case, but rather that nonviolent resistance does resist. It is simply passive physically but active spiritually, meaning it is meant to make a statement. Second, nonviolent resistance does not seek to defeat its opponent but rather to win their friendship and understanding and create a loving community. Third, it is not directed towards the group of people but rather their evil actions. This means that it is fighting against the forces of evil, not against the people wound up in these forces. Fourth, you should not feel internal hatred for your opponent or show external hatred as well. Fifth, the main focus of the nonviolent resistance movement is love. However, it is not a sentimental love that one would feel for a family member or a dear friend, but rather a love for someone simply because god loves them. The term used for this type of love is agape love (Essential Writings 7-9). Finally, the sixth point about nonviolent resistance is that it has an optimistic look on the future because it believes that the universe is on the side of justice. To further clarify the meaning of agape love, it is the idea that all life is connected and when the white man hurts the Negro he is hurting himself due to the belief Dr. King has that all men are brothers (Essential Writings 20). 
	Now, it is necessary to explain Dr. King’s reasoning about why he supports nonviolent resistance. Dr. King believes that both acquiescence, or surrendering to the injustices done to the African Americans, as well as physical violence are both not good plans of action for the civil rights movement. He believes that nonviolent resistance does resist, and surrendering is not in his plans. He also believes that physical violence, when looking back at history, created more problems than it solved. Therefore, he believes that if employed now, violence will continue to create more problems than it solves and lead to bitterness in future generations. This is the main reason he advocates nonviolent resistance: because he does not plan on giving in and he does not plan on creating unnecessary problems, both moral and national (Essential Writings 44-45). According to Dr. King, hate and violence will only make things worse and are both immoral and ineffective(Essential Writings 17).
	Dr. King stresses that he strives for not simply desegregation but integration as well, and, as mentioned in his brief biography section, believes that the entire system of segregation is evil and is quoted as saying “I never intend to adjust myself to segregation and discrimination. I never intend to adjust myself to mob rule. I never intend to adjust myself to the tragic effects of the methods of physical violence and to tragic militarism. I call upon you to be maladjusted to such things” (Essential Writings 14). 
