This is a very powerful quote because it shows that Dr. King despises the system of segregation as well as the idea of discrimination because he believes it is a hate driven system. To Dr. King and many others, segregation is seen as a violation of human rights and therefore a denial of a fulfilling life as well as a denial of a sense of unity for the human race. Segregation greatly hinders the Negroes ability to make decisions. It gives them what Dr. King describes as “social leprosy”, which means they are not accepted well by society. The usage of the word leprosy is to stress how ostracized the Negro must feel from a sense of equality in the United States. He also describes the deep psychological as well as physical wounds segregation has led to. Dr. King, being a devout Christian reverend, believes that segregation must be stopped and equality reached since every man has equal value to god. He also believes that desegregation can be enforced by law since the law is involved but integration cannot since it is an issue of morality (Essential Writings 118-123). The difference between desegregation and integration, according to Dr. King, is that desegregation simply makes Negroes and whites equal under the law but nothing more and integration brings everyone together and gives them a positive feeling about each other (Essential Writings 118).
	Dr. King grew to believe that the civil rights struggle was not only a struggle for civil rights but also a struggle for human rights. These rights included the right to decent housing and the right to a reasonable job. Dr. King knew that the economic struggle was a big part of the civil rights movement. He also believed that it was necessary to abolish the idea of judging people based on the color of their skin rather than their character, as shown by his famous “I have a Dream” speech. He knew that “classism” was a big problem as well as racism and violence. He knew that the movement for freedom was a worldwide struggle, not simply a United States issue. As mentioned earlier, Dr. King believed that war and bloodshed hurt the economy as well by leaving unwanted debt. He wanted to be remembered as a servant of the poor (Jackson 14-15). He is quoted as saying “To be poor and Negro in America is to be powerless, governed by police, housing authorities, welfare departments, without rights and redress” (Jackson 15). This shows that Dr. King greatly sympathized with the destitute Negro in America and understood how rough they had it. Although King was assassinated in Memphis, his human rights dreams for African Americans would influence the decades to come (Jackson 16).
	Malcolm X had many ideas on how the civil rights movement should be carried out. At first, Malcolm X was a strong advocate of Black Nationalism and separatism. These two theories called for breaking ties with the white man since the white man, in Malcolm’s opinion, was trying to keep Blacks from having any power. 