Malcolm X felt that blacks were unwanted in America as well. He felt that the white man was the black man’s enemy and that the blacks in America needed to unify with their African brothers in Africa. He wanted the black men to stop bickering with each other and unite because by bickering they were showing their weakness. Also, Malcolm X believed in revolution(Speaks 3-7). He is quoted as saying “You haven’t got a revolution that doesn’t involve bloodshed. And you’re afraid to bleed. I said you’re afraid to bleed” (Speaks 7). In this quote Malcolm is saying that the black man is being weak by being afraid to physically fight for change. Malcolm believed that history shows that only by revolution has change been brought about. He also puts down the idea of the nonviolent resistance and says it is ineffective. He believed that America had two types of blacks, the field Negro and the so called Uncle Toms. The Uncle Toms were the ones that were loyal to their master and the whites and the field Negroes were those who were willing to fight for equality(Speaks 8-16). Malcolm was always against the idea of integration and said “It’s just like when you’ve got some coffee that’s too black, which means it’s too strong. What do you do? You integrate it with cream, you make it weak” (Speaks 16). This quote shows that Malcolm disliked strongly the idea of integration and thought it would weaken the black man as a race.
	After the philosophy of violent revolution and separatism being the only solution, Malcolm X’s philosophy shifted towards the ideas at his death during the transitional period surrounding his break from the Black Muslims and his formation of the Muslim Mosque, Inc. He still retained the ideas of separatism and Black Nationalism, however, he realized that separatism will require a lot of work and would not happen overnight. He decided to accept help from whites, however he would still not allow them to join the Muslim Mosque, Inc. He shifts from the idea of organizing a revolution to the idea of owning a source of protection solely for self defense(Speaks 19-22). Concerning the vote for the Negro, Malcolm X’s view was “It’s got to be the ballot or the bullet” (Speaks 28). This quote shows that Malcolm X still has violence in his back pocket if change is not made.
 A big point to note about Malcolm X is that he believed that the civil rights issue was both a global affair and it was not merely civil, but rather human rights they were fighting for. Their objective was simply “freedom, justice, and equality” (Speaks 51). Malcolm X said that “We have to keep in mind at all times that we are not fighting for integration, nor are we fighting for separation. We are fighting for recognition as human beings” (Speaks 51). This quote shows that Malcolm X’s main concern was not separatism but rather human rights, separatism was merely a method to Malcolm X. 