Malcolm X felt that the United States was deceitful and worse than segregated South Africa due to the fact that the United States “preached integration and practiced segregation” (Speaks 75). This idea would continue to be a factor in why Malcolm X was a separatist. In June 1964, when Malcolm X appealed to the African Heads of state, he stressed the idea that the blacks in America were the brothers of the blacks in Africa (Speaks 73). Malcolm X formed the group, the Organization of Afro American Unity to help the civil rights struggle and lift it above civil rights to the level of human rights. The purpose of this group was therefore to carry out and stress Malcolm X’s main idea: that segregation is a violation of human rights. 
	It is now necessary to analyze the connections shown in the developmental, childhood years of Martin Luther King, Jr. as well as Malcolm X. First, it is important to note that both men had fathers that were active in civil rights. They instilled their hatred of segregation into their sons. Martin Luther king Sr. was a powerful, formidable leader in the NAACP and Earl Little was an organizer for the Universal Negro Association, which was started by Marcus Garvey (Unfinished Dialogue 22). As shown in the biographical section of this essay, Dr. King grew up in a comfortable living situation for the most part. His parents did not argue much. However, Malcolm X remembered that his father was rather rough to his other siblings and him, though he got the least of it(Unfinished Dialogue 22). The two main traumatic experiences Dr. King had were when his grandmother died and when his white friend stopped being friends with him simply on the issue of race. However, Dr. King’s father was a pastor and was always there for his son. His father instilled in him the evils of racism and segregation. Malcolm X, however, had a much different childhood. His father was found dead when Malcolm was only six years old, which was extremely traumatic for Malcolm. Also, Malcolm X was put in many foster homes until living with his step sister as a child and his mother was institutionalized. Malcolm’s family was also fairly poor when they were together. Overall, this analysis of both leader’s childhoods shows that Malcolm X had a much more traumatic childhood which could have, and was most definitely, a huge factor in forming his ideas. A similarity in their childhoods and their lives overall is that they both had a strong religious background which influenced their ideas in some way or another.
	Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. had different adolescent and young adult years as well. Malcolm X was a street thug for a while and was basically fending for himself. He had drug problems and he earned the name “Detroit Red” on the streets. This led to his imprisonment. Martin Luther King, Jr., on the other hand, was a great student in college and became very well educated and well read on various philosophies.
	