 Therefore, in each man’s adolescent and young adult years, they further formulated their ideas and viewpoints but through different methods. Malcolm X learned how to survive on the streets by any means and Martin Luther King Jr. learned that violence is not the answer.
	Finally, there were similarities and differences in their adult lives. Both men were married in their adult life. Dr. King held firmly to his Christian beliefs but Malcolm X converted to the Islamic faith. Malcolm X’s speeches as well as Dr. King’s speeches, both were very moving and powerful. However, Malcolm X was more about change through revolution and violence at first, then self defense. Dr. King, on the other hand, was more about nonviolent protest. Malcolm X’s methods to approach civil rights changed drastically throughout his life, but his beliefs stayed relatively constant. For example, although before the end of his life Malcolm X was starting to see nonviolence as somewhat reasonable, he still disliked integration. He held a lot of bitterness and pessimism where Dr. King held a lot of hope and optimism. The most obvious similarity in their adult lives was the amount of attention both men got, whether it was good or bad publicity, hate groups, or support. These amounts of attention most definitely lead to the same fate for both Dr. King and Malcolm X: a brutal and needless assassination.
	Now, it is necessary to discuss in detail the similarities and differences between Martin Luther King, Jr.’s and Malcolm X’s thoughts on how the civil rights movement should be carried out. As mentioned earlier, Dr. King’s basic approach was nonviolent resistance. Malcolm X always criticized this approach in many of his speeches and did what Dr. King would most likely say misinterpret his approach. Dr. King was not aiming to be acquiescent, or surrendering, to the evil system of segregation but simply chose a way that would not incite further conflict. Dr. King believed that further violence would only beget bitterness in the future and would agree with Ghandi’s famous quote “An eye for an eye and the whole world will go blind”.  Malcolm X, on the other hand, made a greater evolution in his ideas over time, but most people know him for being more riot- inciting than anything else. However, it is important to note that this was not Malcolm X’s intent in all of his speeches.?
 At first, Malcolm X preached of nothing but revolution to bring about change. He denounced the leaders of the time, especially Dr. King, and called them weak. However, as time went on, Malcolm X became less and less extreme, which is why Dr. King thought that his 1965 assassination took from the world someone who had great potential to be an excellent leader (Unfinished Dialogue 25). Another difference between the two leader’s ideas was the idea of separatism versus the idea of integration. 