Dr. King wanted integration, which he defined as building a loving community between blacks and whites. However, Malcolm X’s idea of separatism meant that he wanted African Americans in America to return to Africa at some point and be with their African American brothers. Malcolm X pushed for desegregation, but not integration. 
	There were also many striking similarities between the two leaders, despite the beliefs of many people. Both men were great speakers, with a lot of charisma, and a lot of leading power. They both made huge strides in their lives (the ones related to their ideas shall be discussed in the last part of this paper. An obvious similarity would be that both men met a tragic fate for the same reason: most likely due to the fact that someone did not agree with them and that they were both “revolutionaries”. The biggest similarity that must be stressed is that both men were fighting on the level of human rights not just civil rights. Civil rights were simply rights such as the right to vote. The human rights were, as classically defined and written in the Declaration of Independence, the right to “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness”.  Both men believed that segregation interfered with blacks’ rights to live a happy life, to get a good job, and to feel free. Therefore, although their methods were different, both men had a similar goal: to obtain human rights for blacks in the United States of America. It is evident that “Unlike many of their followers, the two men understood at the end of their lives that their basic messages were compatible rather than contradictory. Both saw that the building of strong, black-controlled institutions in African American Communities did not contradict the goal of achieving equal rights within the American political system; indeed. They came to understand that achieving one goal could contribute to the achievement of the other” (Unfinished Dialogue 25). Also, it is important to note that the men influenced each other indirectly, since “Malcolm came to realize that nonviolent tactics could be used militantly and were essential aspects of any mass struggle. Indeed, he was himself a peaceful man who never used violence to achieve his goals. Martin, for his part, remained philosophically committed to the ideals of Ghandian nonviolence, but he increasingly recognized that mass militancy driven by positive racial consciousness was essential for African American progress” (Unfinished Dialogue 26). This passage shows the slight changes in each leader’s ideas.
	Malcolm X and Dr. King both accomplished different things through their application of their respective theories to the civil rights movement. Malcolm X accomplished a lot more towards the last year of his life, and Dr. King accomplished a lot throughout his life. 
	Dr. King had many accomplishments. First, he played a huge role in the Montgomery bus boycott. The Montgomery bus boycott was started when Rosa Parks, an older African American woman, refused to give up her seat to a white man. 
