Recently I took time to visit a local school, ‘Southbrook’ in Exeter.   I was shown around by my fiancé who teaches there, and although this school is primarily for children with special needs, I found that the basic fundamentals are that of from my own schooling days some 20 years ago.   I was shown areas that had well heated classrooms and modern tables and chairs.   There was an abundance of ‘Winnie the Pooh’ style books that appeared to excite and inspire the children.   I would suggest that they watched the characters on the television and thereby could relate immediately to what the teacher was talking about when she read a story at the end of the day.   I tried to look beyond the fact that it was a comfortable and welcoming classroom, which would help to relax the pupils so they could more easily concentrate on the ‘nitty gritty’ of learning to read and write their first letters and words.   I observed flip charts and clean whiteboards (the screech of the chalk on blackboards, now just a distant memory in my own mind), a television and a computer.   Something I found interesting was that the computer aside, all   learning aids and resources were the same as during my own schooling (although in different formats). The teachers were now successfully generating a classroom atmosphere in which the pupils, even at this early stage and with the learning difficulties they were showing, were actively exploring a subject, finding out facts by the best of their abilities for themselves & experimenting with materials, themes and concepts.   These ideas are in alignment with the principles of   Piaget (2004) regarding cognitive growth.   
Towards the end of my Shelthorpe Schooling days the teacher introduced us to handwriting classes.   The way in which we as a class were taught was through ‘rote learning’.   Endlessly practising rows of A’s followed by rows of B’s and so on.   I do believe that this type of learning has a useful place in a subject such as handwriting, where practice may eventually make perfect or at least legible!   However, I strongly disagree with the teacher’s approach to openly belittling the pupils who found the basics of cursive handwriting difficult.   That one derogatory comment that I experienced was starting to alienate me towards any form of learning.   This ‘bullying’ approach to teaching and learning was possibly acceptable for another generation, who more easily accepted authority and punishment in the wake of post war Britain.   The teachers who had taught my English and Maths teachers had a much more authoritive manner, due to quite possibly having served in the military during the Second World War or National Service.   This had then consciously and subconsciously been passed down to the next generation of teachers, who felt it was acceptable to bully and intimidate pupils.   
Outside of the school environment, I was starting to learn many new skills.   Riding a bike and swimming are two obvious ones, playing football and learning to fish two others.   I can now relate especially to the Kolb (1984) Learning Cycle, and when recalling these activities I can breakdown and identify key stages in my learning. 
