I now realise that a lot of my childhood learning was experimental, (i.e. experimental learning) with knowledge and understanding being developed through a process of trial and error.
Still learning, but away from the academic forum, I joined the Air Training Corps and here for the first time I discovered the teacher, (being an instructor), teaching a subject not to a board or over my head, but actually talking to and teaching me!   This somehow made me feel more grown up.   He never belittled us and there was no such thing as a stupid question.   This man made learning fun and enjoyable. The Cadets’ instructor understood learning styles which he adopted effectively in order to facilitate learning.   For me, according to Honey and Mumford, (1982) out of the four recognised individual styles of learning a combination of two would reflect a suitable individual style.   A culmination of ‘Reflector’ and ‘Pragmatist’, where I would normally sit and learn from the mistakes of others, together with a more pragmatic approach to actually receiving some tips and techniques from someone who has experience, identifies and clarifies my own personal way of learning effectively.
The Cadets who attended the same school all began to suddenly respond to the lessons at school.   Although not our formal schoolteacher, I now fully appreciate the profound and positive effect his style had on each of us all those years ago.   According to Richard Leblanc (1998) good teaching is about being human and respecting others. 
My Learning Experiences of Woodbrook Vale High School
Unfortunately I was dealt a reality check, I had been placed in the bottom class, and that had not ‘sat well’ with my mother.   As an individual who is now responsible for teaching and training others, I can look back and clearly see all of the failings in my education, I see an outdated style of delivery from intimidating teachers and social climate of rebellion towards anything to do with school.   Possibly, the most important of all, a mother who was struggling to make ends meet and who never thought that my education was also her responsibility, only that of the school teacher’s! 
“Since the 1960’s, social and cultural factors have been considered more important determinants of intelligence than hereditary.   While the individual differences in ability are acknowledged, educators have regarded social inequalities as influencing more profoundly an individual’s capacity for learning” (Armitage. et al. 2003 p65) 
Quite possibly this was the best thing to happen to me.   The bottom form had sympathetic teachers who actually took an interest in getting a point across, they passed down their knowledge and the addition of my mother who had now taken a parental duty of care in teaching her son, I was being bombarded; the ‘sponge like’ brain was now beginning to absorb and retain information.
During the first year examinations I came top of the class and was not moved up one class but two!   The following year I then came second and was due to be moved up to the top class but was told to “do it again and we’ll put you up”.  
