Unfortunately the teachers in the higher grade began to ‘speak over’ me again and simultaneously my mother also took her foot off the ‘education accelerator’.   To this day I still view talking to a pupil or student as a privilege, because I know what it is like to be ‘spoken over’ and still remember the feeling of despondency at not understanding difficult concepts such as ‘simultaneous equations’.
“The best conditions for learning exist when children have a challenge that extends their cognitive range.   Too little and the child’s potential will never be realised.   Too great a challenge risks ending in failure and frustration”
(Fisher, R. 2001 p90)
In striving to be accepted into my new class I found I was prepared to forgo my education in lieu of acceptance from my classmates.   Peer pressure to rebel at school, gain acceptance and kudos in just about anything except learning seemed the better option, all in a vain bid to be accepted by the class.   Vygotsky (1978) suggests social interaction has a central role in a child’s education.   For me this social interaction was just too easy and I would pay the price later.
Post School Teaching & Learning Experiences
From my early days in the Cadets I never had a doubt that my career path would take me into the military.   I perceived I did not need GCSE’s, just physical fitness.   Again this was another mistake I was just about to make.   Technically it was true, with no ‘GCSE’s’ or ‘A’ levels you can get by, however as time goes by your social standing changes and within this change process there is a need to evidence a certain academic standard in order to reach your full potential and a feeling of personal/professional success.
For myself as a ‘Professional’ Chef in the military, it is important to realise that belonging to this ‘profession’, does not simply mean membership of a ‘club’, but ensuring that you embrace the criteria in order that your job is seen as a profession rather than an occupation.   To comply as a professional within your area of work Millerson (1964) suggests that while recognising the necessity for skills and abilities to be tested by some kind of examination; it is also acknowledged that ‘professionalism’ goes beyond an initial body of knowledge, and commitment to continuing professional development should be observed.
For military Chefs, the primary form of professional development is NVQ, an evidence based assessment. As a military person I find that this form of assessment and evaluation is ideal for the military due to its versatility. However many civilians do not share the same view, the main argument being;
“Competencies cannot be graded: you are either competent at something or you are not. You can’t be ‘very, ‘fairly’, or just about competent! Critics argue that motivation is therefore affected; there is simply no incentive for students to strive to do better, when a less thorough performance could be sufficient evidence to gain a competence”. (Armitage. et al. 2003 p164)
