As an instructor I have not found this to be the case, all students have been keen to learn and produce the best possible results. But the problems are clear, as during basic cooks training at HMS Raleigh, all students would be ‘Criterion’ tested for their work both practical and theory. But when released into the ‘Fleet’ and placed in a position of self motivation, in order to finish their NVQ task books under the supervision of their head of department – this could then become ‘Ipsative’ or ‘Norm’ referenced.   It is at this point, that if not handled correctly by the individuals’ supervisor, weight then can be given to the above argument.
I now find myself in a position where I am responsible for the teaching of two main groups of people. These come in the form of Nº1 - catering students recently qualified from the Royal Navy Cookery School who require further training in regard to their NVQ’s, and Nº 2 - Teaching basic cookery fundamentals to members of the Royal Marine Combat Chefs Course (RMCCC). 
For the first time I have found myself with a class of students who look to me for inspiration.   After past experiences I now feel the desire to be the teacher they will remember.   I would like to see myself as the teacher who got the point across and who made the subject interesting, this is now particularly important with the instruction given to the members of the RMCCC – as often these are pressed men, very rarely are they volunteers.   I realise the straight forward approach which I had warmed to during my training and as a cadet, is not necessarily the right option and style of teaching for all the students.   Some need to find out for themselves and discover for themselves, others you feel, need it reinforced several times, the key here is to find individuals motivation to learn. Motivation to learn can be seen as;
“A key factor in learning and is linked very closely to attitude.   Motivation has been described as ‘a person’s aroused desire for participation in a learning process’ (Curzon 1990: 195).   How to arouse and maintain that desire is of concern both to the student and the tutor.   Our students arrive in our classes with all sorts of motives for attending.   Those motives may be positive and lead to a student to be well motivated towards learning, or they may be somewhat negative, leading to a student to be poorly motivated towards learning” (Armitage. et al. 2003 p65) 
Regardless, you aim to give a sense of ‘looking forward’ to my class.   On taking up my new position as an instructor/teacher at CTCRM I realised I had to understand the different types of students I would be dealing with.   Firstly, what type of person currently wants to join the modern military? Once I had established this, the next question was what type of person then wants to go into catering and hospitality? Or in fact, do they at all? 
