If not, what would I do to increase their interest in the subject? When these questions were investigated then I could hope to try to understand how to successfully teach my given subjects. 
On researching the approaches that I could possibly take to succeed, I discovered the teaching theories of Carl Rogers (1902-1987).   For example he developed a theory of personal growth, and was concerned with notions of ‘self-concept’, ‘self awareness’ and the ‘ideal self’.   The idea of ‘self’ is a hallmark of humanistic psychology, which emerged as a protest and contra approach to the scientific explanation of ‘the person’.   Scientific methods of conceptualization reduce the person to the status of being an object.   In contrast, humanistic psychology reaffirms the human qualities of the person, such as personal freedom, choice and individual responsibility and respect for self and others.   The military mindset differs from civilian thought in that all Marines are expected to react like robots to all instructions and orders, at no time showing any personal thoughts or feelings to the job in hand.   Well, many of the students I have are often still of that mindset, that we the Marines, are robots and the natural progression would be for them to follow suit. I find it my responsibility to offer diverse teaching methods in an attempt to change this feeling, particularly because the military now actively recruit worldwide.   International recruits are arriving in the UK with learning strategies that may have been successful in their previous educational environment.   These may not be effective in UK military education, where different teaching styles, norms and values apply. As a teacher it is important to have an awareness or understanding of the diversity of learning styles, without you may fail to make your norms and expectations explicit to students. Both sides may need to learn about the other, to challenge their own assumptions and to make compromises.
Often with the younger Marines who are starting out in their military career, I find that initially, I have to introduce them to individual responsibly and respect for themselves and others.   In an attempt not to mirror the teachers from my school education, I have had to understand and implement empathy, understanding the student’s emotions and motives.   Congruency within the classroom when communicating, and working at the same level, also register positive regard towards respecting and accepting the student. As described by Reece and Walker (2003), it is agreed that all students must have a fair and equal chance to learn, this essentially is embodied in equality of opportunity. Teachers may create barriers to some students merely by the words we use, for example this could be by the simple use of male-dominated language.   Although in recent years the military have made great strides with equal opportunities policies, as a teacher it is still very important that you have a thorough understanding of the ‘Barriers to Equality’ (‘Individual’-verbal/physical abuse, ‘Structural’-employment/legal systems, ‘Institutional Practice’-unequal provision of service). 
