A point to remember is, 
You must not allow any form of discrimination in your classroom or learning situation.   Not only is it morally wrong, it is likely to be illegal. (Reece, Walker. 2003 p294)
Only when I have stood out front of a class and began to teach have I really started to understand about the different personality types within the learning environment.   An observation I have made, is how the Marines deal with their natural energy.   The extraverts are full of energy, always outgoing and enthusiastic, they talk more than they listen and often act before thinking.   But often this is only half the problem, as on the other side of the coin the introverts who although possessing plenty of physical energy, will allow it to manifest into a ‘quiet energy’.   They will listen more than talk, and are self contained and reserved, and worryingly from a front line soldier’s view, they would think then act!   Therefore, when teaching both these personality types I try to bring them together as best I can.
Whilst in the class the hurdle is to actually get the point across and for the students to remember it.   The intuitive members will focus on the bigger picture and possibilities, admire creative ideas and notice anything new and different.   The sensors within the group will admire practical solutions, notice details and remember facts and even focus on detail specifics.   All these attributes when brought together produce a balanced and level-headed class who are more than happy to argue their point.   This is where I have to balance the modern Marine, who is more than prepared to discuss and solve both intellectual and practical problems, with the need to do what he was told whether he liked it or not.   Within the military environment, perceivers tend to struggle the most, for them making decisions is difficult and more importantly, they generally tend to be less aware of time and run late, which in the military is classed as a cardinal sin.   
Conclusion
From my early days in a middle England state school, I now realise that my limited experiences restricted my learning.   Regardless of the social and economic background and all the excuses that can be mustered, the buck stops with the pupil i.e. me!   Being taught in an environment in which you feel secure and a subject in which you feel both confident and excited to learn, are crucial lessons that I feel I have learnt from, and hopefully will pass on to my students.
It is only now that I can scrutinise my own learning, and compare the teaching methods I experienced.   I believe that some subjects are better taught in certain ways with certain approaches.   I believe that how well I personally learnt rests unequivocally with the teachers I encountered.   I now know that an innovative and enthusiastic teacher can achieve so much more than just good results from the students; a sense of loyalty, willingness to learn and a desire to do well can be developed, along a sense of well being and belonging.
