LEARNING FROM MY PAST 
Learning from My Past
I.	What was your family like?
a.	Alcoholic and drug dependent
b.	Middle child
c.	Parents divorced
d.	Moved out at age sixteen
II.	What things do you remember about your childhood?
a.	Moved from home to home
b.	Parents always fighting
c.	Drinking at an early age
d.	Failing school
e.	Self realization and making changes
III.	What did you do after you left school?
a.	Got married and bought first house
b.	Worked with troubled kids
c.	Got divorced and remarried
d.	Went back to school
IV.	Do you have your own family now?
a.	Four children and my husband
b.	Over compensating out of fear
c.	Not wanting to upset others, always saying yes
V.	What are your personal, professional, and academic goals?
a.	Be a better parent than mine were
b.	Finding balance
c.	Being successful as an entrepreneur
d.	Graduating with a 3.0 or higher GPA
Learning from my Past
	Some people theorize that if you fail a certain stage in your life you are destined to fail other stages throughout your life, but I have learned this is not true. I grew up in a house that did not provide good parental teachers or role models. Most of the life skills I have learned I taught myself. Sometimes I had to learn through mistakes and failure. I stayed back in the eighth grade after abusing alcohol and drugs. I ended up marrying right out of high school, getting divorced and married again. I now live in a happy home where I strive to be the best parent and spouse that I can be. It may have taken me longer to get here than others but I made it.
	I remember being five years old and sitting on the stairs listening to my parents fight. 
	They were drunk and sometimes high. This was normal in my house. I would wait for the fighting to stop to I could finally get some sleep. According to Erikson children go through a phase of trust versus mistrust (Witt & Mossler, 2010.) 
	The parents are the ones who primarily influence this phase. I came out of this phase having failed at learning trust because my parents were not there for me. I remember one night I stayed after school for try outs for our school play. Our parents were to pick us up at 5:00 pm after try outs. At 6 pm I was sitting in a snow bank, in the dark, freezing, because my parents were drunk and forgot all about me. Ultimately the drinking and drug use led to them getting a divorce. The divorce was messy and my siblings and I were made to choose sides.
	My mother received custody of us. I was the middle child with an older sister and a younger brother. My mothers drinking continued and we were now her new drinking friends. 