Erikson theorized that until a child turns 12-years-old their primary development depends on what is done to them as opposed to what they choose to do (Boeree, 2006.) I would like to put all the blame on my mother for my decisions at the age of 12 but I know that I must take some of the blame. Up until the age of 12 I learned guilt, mistrust, and inferiority from her. If something went wrong in the house it was my fault. If I was counting on her to do something, she normally did not, and that was also somehow my fault. Nothing I did was good enough. Children should be praised when they do something good. I was told what I could have done better. When my mother showed an interest in me at 12-years-old I was ready to do anything for her and with her. I craved her attention and acceptance. I began drinking with her every night. I was more often than not too hung over to go to school. My grades slowly slipped away but I did not care. My mother was nice to me when I drank with her. I began smoking cigarettes and marijuana with her. Anything she enjoyed doing I wanted to do. I finally felt loved.
	Erikson says that between 12-years-old and 18-years-old a person begins struggle with their identity and has an urge to make friends (Boeree, 2006.) I realized at 13-years-old that my actions with my mother had caused me to loose my friends because I stayed back, and that I wanted a social life outside of my mother. Her love and affection began to matter less to me, and finding real friends, and figuring out who I was began to matter a whole lot more. I moved out of my mother’s house and in with an aunt and uncle.
	I began to get my grades at school back on track and make some new friends. I stopped drinking and started just being a teenager. I met a guy who was a few years older than me and we started to date. He moved in with me. 
	Life seemed great. I graduated high school with honors and a nice group of friends. The next logical thing seemed to be to get married.
	According to Erikson we seek love and intimacy between 18 and 35-years-of-age (Boeree, 2006.) Looking back on it now I think that I married at 18 because my boyfriend provided me with feelings of trust, intimacy, and identity. My relationship was an insecure attachment brought on by physical and emotional neglect from my mother. Parental styles effect children and teach them to form varying types of bonds and attachments (Segal, 2010.) My marriage because of my upbringing was built on my own personal insecurities. My marriage did give me time in a comfortable household to figure out who I was and who I wanted to be. I realized I was not in love with my husband and that I was with him because he made me feel safe. 
