After being married for one and a half years I filed for divorce. I do not regret having the chance to grow emotionally and socially in a trusting environment, I only regret hurting a guy who truly loved me.
	At the age of 19 I began working with children in the local after school program. These children reminded me so much of me when I was younger that I truly bonded with some of them. I tried to provide them with the role model they needed and were not getting at home. I helped them build social skills and spent a lot of time talking with them about their needs and feelings. This job gave me a sense of fulfillment and was extremely rewarding. It was also highly emotional for me and brought back too many memories. Although I loved the job I knew I could continue to do it without risking my own mental peace I had started to find.
	At this point I was still struggling with forming normal bonds and finding intimacy. I began dating a married man and convinced myself that he loved me and would leave his wife for me. At 20 I found out I was pregnant with his child. When I told him he left me. Somehow it was my fault and now my problem to deal with. This situation brought back all my old feelings of inadequacy that I learned to feel as a child. During the time I had been dating the married man I did form a friendship with another guy. His name is Danny. He was always there for me when I needed to talk or just hang out. He never pushed for intimacy and is the man I ended up marrying. 
	Danny and I began dating while I was pregnant. He was there for the birth of my first son and today we have four beautiful children together. I have been honest with him about my past and he fully supports my efforts to go back to school and is patient with my emotional needs. We have been married for seven years now. 
	He is currently helping me get my web store and business off the ground. Life is good but not without its problems. Because of my past I still struggle with trust, security, and intimacy problems. According to Segal the mother-child bond shapes all our future relationships (Segal, 2010.) I do not necessarily believe this. I do know that it affects all our future relationships, but I believe we can over come any problems. 
	Currently I still struggle with inadequacy. No matter what I do, whether it is school work or mopping the floors, I always second guess myself and look for what I did wrong even if I did a great job. This can be very irritating to my friends and family but it is something I am working on. 