When the child begins using these sounds, parents can gently occlude the nostrils to help the child recognize the change in sound in relation to a change in oral pressure. If a child begins producing glottal stops, the parent should not reinforce them, rather they should provide positive reinforcement for oral sounds. Post-surgery Golding-Kusher has word lists that emphasize labial stops and voiced sounds.

This article is designed to show the prevalence of tortuous of abnormal carotid arteries occurring with velocardiofacial, or Shprintzen syndrome. Abnormal carotid arteries are those that are unusual in placement, size or are tortuous of course. This article states that the occurrence of carotid artery abnormalities has not been previously linked to velocardiofacial syndrome, though it has been described in association with a submucous cleft. The article describes three cases of children aged 3-5 years old, who were to undergo pharyngeal flap surgery for velopharynengeal insufficiency. The first two children described were in the operating room when pulsatile vessels were noted in the posterior pharyngeal wall. The children were removed from surgery and taken for arteriograms showing carotid artery abnormalities. The third case underwent surgery; however, only a narrow median pharyngeal strip was used for the flap due to medially placed carotid arteries. Due to the inability to surgically rectify the problem, all three cases required a prosthetic lift to mediate hypernasality. The authors use the discussion section to describe typical carotid anatomy and the embryology of this arterial development. 

The authors use a case study format in this article. Each case begins with a brief description of the patient's speech, language and/or feeding problems, previous surgeries to remove tonsils and adenoids, and other pertinent information, including multiview videofluroscopy results. The first two cases had complications resulting in a cancellation of surgery and the third case had a complication resulting in inadequate surgical remediation of hypernasality. The cases describe investigation of arterial abnormalities through arteriography and dynamic axial computerized tomographic (CT) scanning along with images depicting the various abnormalities. 

The authors conclude that prior to surgery, children with velocardiofacial syndrome should undergo procedures to allow visualization of the carotid arteries. Thus, surgeons could prepare for possible complications or dismiss surgery altogether depending on the course of the carotid arteries. The authors suggest alternate surgical operations including repair of the levator muscle or surgical relocation of the abnormal arteries (though as of publication of the article this procedure had never been attempted). They finish by discussing drawbacks to use of prosthetic device including upkeep and possible dislodging.

Overall this article was a quick read and did well at discussing the need for determining the course of carotid arteries prior to undergoing pharyngeal flap surgery. The major weaknesses of this article are the abstract and introduction. Both were very short and discussed only the cases at hand. It would have been proper to give a better introduction to the anatomy and physiology to help orient the reader. Also, there was a clear lack of a literature review. 
