Swaziland’s 40/40 celebration was intended by the royal family and the government to celebrate a double milestone-the king’s 40th birthday as well as the nation’s 40th year of independence. The party was a lavish one, filled with happy spectators as well as foreign dignitaries in BMW cars, while adoring citizens performed dances and cultural rites for the enjoyment of their king. The celebration was meant to be a joyous one, celebrating the success of the king. However, the nation of Swaziland is deeply afflicted with poverty and has one of the highest HIV-AIDS rates in the world. 
I am rather disturbed by this event because I feel the royal family’s as well as the government’s decision to hold such an extravagant event while nearly half of the people of Swaziland are afflicted with AIDS was a foolish and selfish one. While I am not against the celebration of important milestones in a country’s history, I am against the fact that this one was done at the expense of its citizens. Instead of ignoring the obvious problems the nation has concerning poverty and disease, the king and the government should work towards improving their nation in order to instill a deeper sense of pride and well-being in the hearts of its people. 
The 40/40 celebration seems to be typical of this region-the elite minority spends staggering sums of money and celebrates, while most of the other population suffers with poverty and disease. Historically, the event could be linked to times of colonialism, if Swaziland’s British rulers were used to having lavish and elegant celebrations for their milestones and accomplishments (1). Currently, the celebration itself may not seem to have a hugely negative effect on Swaziland’s well-being, but it does demonstrate a few underlying problems with the government and country as a whole. The celebration indicates that the government has at least some form of greed, if not corruption, if millions of dollars are being spent on the king’s whims instead of on health programs and aid to the impoverished. Although Swaziland is fortunate enough to have a more diverse economy than some of its neighbors (2), if money is continued to be spent in this fashion the economy could experience a drastic negative change. Since Swaziland has one of the highest rates of HIV-AIDS in the world, the money could be better spent on improving programs such as Swaziland Positive Living for Life. If it continues to line the pockets of the royal family, however, the country’s HIV rate has no hope of decreasing and will probably claim thousands of more lives and will eventually lower the life expectancy rate. Furthermore, if the king continues such behavior, more and more of Swaziland’s people might develop a dislike for the king, causing severe sects in the country. Although currently, Swaziland is wholly united by the same ethnic group living within its borders (3), this unification may change and cause the country to become divided based on opinions of the king and his behavior. 
