Although this celebration does not affect my life directly, it can have many indirect consequences to my life as an American as well as my life as a young adult. Firstly, the 40/40 celebration caused me to become more aware of the imminent problems faced by the people of Swaziland- I became more conscious of the extreme poverty and disease that afflicts these people. Because Swaziland is struggling as a country with the proper distribution of wealth (4), their economy may not be in an ideal state, with a GDP of 4,726 (5). Although that has no direct effect on the American economy, it can and will affect the state of economic growth in Africa as a whole. This will, in turn, affect the world economy, which I am indirectly a part of. Since I am now aware of and care about the well-being of the people of Swaziland, I will be more inclined to vote for a politician who is willing to address problems in the developing world such as this and who will develop means to help improve the lives of those who suffer. I haven't considered traveling to Swaziland, but if the opportunity arises I will be more inclined to go when the king has not made a controversial decision, such as marrying a 17-year-old girl after banning sexual activity for all women under the age of 18 (6). I feel this is important because I do not want to inadvertently become involved in protests and possibly even fighting by the people of Swaziland as they protest their king's behavior. From a more global perspective, I hope that Swaziland finds a way to solve their poverty problems so they can become less dependent on South Africa (7). 
Each article presents a slight bias concerning the 40/40 celebration, although The New York Times and The Financial Post both share a particular aversion towards the event and towards the King's behavior. The only article to express true happiness about the event was the article from Swaziland-it described the celebration from a more or less optimistic viewpoint, using words such as "happy" and "jovial" to describe the crowd of citizens who gathered to participate in and observe the celebration. Furthermore, the article from The Swazi Observer failed to even mention any type of citizen discontent for the celebration, only choosing to mention the positive. Interestingly enough, however, the article does make a point to mention the extreme elegance and corpulence of the king's lifestyle, discussing the "electronic data display" showing the roof of His Majesty's BMW as it approached as well as the "elegant traditional attire" worn by one of his wives (8). The fact that this paper mentions the celebration "had to be cut short" indicates the extreme lavishness and extensiveness of the celebration, as well.
The article in The New York Times presents an entirely different view. The bulk of the article discusses the discontent felt by the citizens of Swaziland concerning their king's lavish lifestyle. 
