It even talks about how, days before the celebration was slated to begin, angry protesters filled the streets of heavily populated cities demanding their king pay more attention to the needs of his people. The article discusses the most negative of the viewpoints as well, stating "The angriest of them went so far as to insist that the nation had little to celebrate". Also discussed was the fact that Swaziland has one of the highest rates of HIV infection in the world, and that poverty afflicts 2/3 of the population. However, the article manages to discuss the other side of the spectrum as well, citing that "most of Swaziland's 1.1 million people love their monarch". Although most understand the corruption present in the government, they still trust and follow the king, believing he was "given to the people by God" (9). 
Finally, the article from The Financial Post presents a view not unlike the one given in The New York Times: rather bleak and pessimistic. Although the article doesn't go into as much detail about the desolate conditions in Swaziland, it is the only one to discuss the official budget for the celebration-about $3 million. This article also discusses the riots in the days leading to the celebration, and even cites that "two bombs exploded and looters had to be dispersed by riot police using water-cannon" in the capital city of Mbabane. The article also mentions the extreme sense of poverty and high prevalence of HIV, but does not go into as much detail as the Times article did. Also like the Times article, the one in the Financial Post discusses the fact that some of the citizens of Swaziland feel the celebration is "worthwhile" and trust and love their king (10). 
Generally, the authors of the articles from the United States and Canada agree on their viewpoints concerning the underlying problems concerning the 40/40 celebration. The newspaper in Swaziland, however, didn't seem to have any opposition to or negativity towards the event, but some of the diction used to describe the event can suggest the author felt some aversion towards the celebration. However, the lack of overt opposition may be due to the fact that King Mswati III as well as the government of Swaziland can and will ban any articles they deem inappropriate without warning, although freedom of the press is supposedly allowed (11). 
Swaziland should be able to lessen its problems by giving more money and time to working on implementing a better health care system, which is said to be “collapsing”, instead of throwing away money on BMW cars and extravagant celebrations. The Swazis should feel a sense of security and pride in their nation and its ability to provide for its people, instead of feeling as though they are neglected and ignored. This situation can unfortunately only be changed by the king himself- he must realize the consequences of his actions and begin to pay more attention to the needs of his people.  
