Current Events Essay
	According to Alexis de Tocqueville in his Democracy in America, the general pattern of human history has led to the eventual leveling and subsequent “general equality of condition.” However, some of the authors in this section of the course have differing viewpoints concerning this statement. Authors such as Marx believe that, although society has been moving from a state of equality to a state of inequality due to technology and social classes, there is a way to return to social leveling and subsequent equality through the implementation of communism. Alice Walker, in her novel The Color Purple, discusses the idea that it is impossible for social equality to occur at the moment because of certain social prejudices and biases, namely against women, that prevent general equality. 
Finally, authors such as Dostoyevsky believe that social leveling and equality is not possible, but this is through the choices of those who belong to society; if they choose to be a radical or disillusioned it is their own fault for the ruination of potential social leveling and equality. 
Marx believed that throughout history, there has been a gradual decrease of leveling leading to the “general equality of condition” due to technological advances and economic systems such as capitalism but this can be rectified and changed through the implementation of communism. Marx feels as though society is unequal but is done so by the formation of two main factions: the oppressors and the oppressed. He explains this here: “The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebian, lord and serf, guild-master and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed…” (Marx 142).  
In the society during which Marx writes, he sees the struggle between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat and the consequent state of social inequality as having to do with the implementation of capitalism: “The bourgeoisie has resolved personal worth into exchange value, and in place of the numberless indefeasible chartered freedoms, has set up that single, unconscionable freedom- Free Trade….[it] has converted the physician, the lawyer, the priest, the poet, the man of science, into its paid wage-labourers” (Marx 144). Here, Marx shows his disdain and disgust at the current economic system for its perversion of doing work for pleasure and the instead replacement of this and other moneyless pleasures with the need to earn the highest wage. However, since not everyone can have the same occupation, they cannot make all the same salaries, adding another facet to the socially unequal society which Marx is criticizing. However, Marx does offer some hope for social equality if occupations are instead done by choice and not for a salary. He feels this can be achieved through the implementation of Communism:
“The average price of wage-labour is the minimum wage, i.e., that quantum of the means of subsistence…what, therefore, the wage-labourer appropriates by means of his labour, merely suffices to prolong and reproduce a bare existence.   
