We by no means intend to abolish this personal appropriation of the products of labour…all that we want to do away with is the miserable character of this appropriation, under which the labourer lives merely to increase capital, and is allowed to live only so far as the interest of the ruling class requires it. In bourgeois society, living labour is but a means to increase accumulated labour. In Communist society, accumulated labour is but a means to widen, enrich, to promote the existence of the labourer” (Marx 153).
Here, Marx suggests that, through the implementation of Communism, the need for wages would render itself useless and individuals could work for their own betterment, which would serve to make society more equal because any sort of economic inequality would be gone. 
Throughout his writings, Marx suggests that throughout history there has been a decrease of societal equality, especially with the implementation of capitalism, but if the capitalist system is eliminated through Communism society can become more equal. 
	Walker, in her novel The Color Purple, feels as though social leveling leading to general equality is not currently possible due to the current state of social inequality between males and females. This is especially addressed when Celie’s father tries to get Mr. ______ to marry Celie instead of Nettie: 
“Well, next time you come you can look at [Celie]. She ugly. Don’t even look like she kin to Nettie. But she’ll make the better wife. She ain’t smart either, and I’ll just be fair, you have to watch her or she’ll give away everything you own. But she can work like a man” (Walker 10). 
Through Celie’s father’s words, Walker is able to show the blatant disregard for women as people and how the men of this society consider them objects or animals that can be bought or traded. Furthermore, it seems the only qualities valued in women are their work ethic and their ability to be trusted in running a household. Finally, the fact that Celie’s father is comfortable saying things such as, “She ain’t smart either” in front of her shows his blatant disrespect of her and of women in general. Additionally, this obvious inequality between male and female is seen when Harpo is talking to Celie and his father about how to control his wife: “Harpo want to know what to do to make Sofia mind…You ever hit her? Mr. ______ ast…Well how you spect to make her mind? Wives is like children. You have to let ‘em know who got the upper hand. Nothing can do that better than a good sound beating” (Walker 34). Here, it is obvious that men such as Mr. _______ have no respect for women and feel as though their behavior and “rebellious” actions must be quelled by violence towards them. Throughout her novel The Color Purple, Alice Walker gives her viewpoint that although general social equality might be possible, it is currently not feasible due to the degrading attitude taken by men concerning women of the current society. 
