Finally, Dostoyevsky feels as though through the pattern of human history there is not a sense of general equality among all people. However, he feels as though this is due to the choice the members of society make: whether or not they choose to follow the conservative or more radical political ideologies, whether or not they choose to be religious, whether or not they choose to alienate themselves from all social aspects of society, etc. The character of Raskolnikov is a perfect example of a character who feels alienated through his own choices: “It was not that he was a cowed or naturally timorous person, far from it; but he had been for some time in an almost morbid state of irritability and tension. He had cut himself off from everybody and withdrawn so completely into himself that he now shrank from every kind of contact” (Dostoyevsky 1). 
Here, we see that although Raskolnikov feels alienated from society, it is because of his own actions and choices. Because of the irrational choices of some in which they distance themselves from other members of society, they prevent society as a whole from being equal. However, Dostoyevsky believes that, as humans, we tend to naturally want to seek out people, seen through Raskolnikov’s sudden longing: “…[he] had lately avoided all social contacts, but now he suddenly felt drawn to people. Something as it were new had been accomplished in his soul, and with it had come a thirst for society” (Dostoyevsky 8). Furthermore, one can see Dostoyevsky’s criticism concerning the individual’s choice to be included in or alienated from society, causing society as a whole to be generally and fundamentally unequal through the character of Svidrigailov:
 “‘I am going to foreign parts, brother…To America…If you are asked, say I said I was off to America.’ He lifted the revolver to his right temple…Svidrigaylov pulled the trigger…” (Dostoyevsky 433).  Here, one can equate Svidrigaylov’s loneliness and fragmentation from society to his fervent nihilist beliefs: because nihilism is founded on the premise of the rejection of social bonds and connections, Svidrigaylov and members of society with similar beliefs have chosen to accept these beliefs, thereby alienating themselves from the rest of society, causing them to feel unhappy and causing a general sense of inequality in society as a whole. Throughout his novel Crime and Punishment, Dostoyevsky asserts that there is not a sense of equality due to social leveling but that this is due to the choice of the members of the society, and their choices ultimately lead to their unhappiness. 
Alexis de Tocqueville, in his work Democracy in America, asserts that the general pattern of human history has led to the eventual leveling and subsequent “general equality of condition.” However, not all of the authors in this section of the course believe this to be true. Authors such as Marx believe that, although society has been moving from a state of equality to a state of inequality due to technology and social classes, instating communism would cause there to be a general sense of equality because material and economic inequality would be eliminated. 
