Alice Walker, in her novel The Color Purple, discusses the idea that social equality is impossible at the moment because of certain social prejudices and biases, namely against women, that prevent it. Finally, authors such as Dostoyevsky believe that social leveling and equality is not possible whether it be political, economic, or otherwise, but this is due to the choices of those who belong to society.  
	In many of the works we have read so far, it seems as though the authors are writing during a period of great social, economic, and/or political change. As is expected, each author responds to said change in his or her own way, whether it be through a novel, poetry, or through outright political discussions. Through this, they are able to provide guidelines of how to respond to change.
However, the advice they provide cannot be used as guidelines for political, social or economic change that did not take place during these time periods. This is because their advice and guidelines pertain to specific events and movements in history and the advice given cannot really be used and applied to current day. Although these guidelines can be interpreted, and once interpreted can be applied to current-day movements of change, on their own they cannot be applied to current-day situations because they have since become obsolete. This, in turn, leads to the notion that the although process of change in Western civilization occurs often, the issues which spark it are usually rather specific to the time period in which it takes place. 
Throughout her novel The Princess of Cleves, Mme de Lafayette may offer some ideas for handling change in her time period, but does not offer much in the way of guidelines for responding to general change that is not specific to her time period. This is because the premise of her novel is her grappling with the fact that she does not know which “world” to support and be a part of (the classical or romantic), and although she offers much in the way of combating that, these struggles cease to be an issue now so the decisions she makes have since become obsolete. This is evident through her description of the Princess’ decision concerning being with the Duc de Nemours: “…she found, nevertheless, that Monsieur de Nemours had not been erased from her heart; but she marshaled to her aid in a violent battle all those reasons she had for not ever marrying him. At last she overwhelmed her enemy- passion” (Lafayette 160). Lafayette then goes on to describe what Madame de Cleves did instead: “She lived in retreat with more saintly occupations to busy her…” (Lafayette 162). Here, Lafayette responds to the dilemma of the time concerning the change from classicism to romanticism by insinuating that one should be more traditional and will live a life of “greater virtue” if one follows the ideals of the classicist period. 
