However, this guideline concerning the change present during that time period cannot really be applied to any other general instance of change. One can apply Lafayette’s writings to say that she feels those who find themselves in a position of deciding between being more emotional or cerebral should lean towards being more thought-based rather than emotion-based, but it seems as though the Princess’s decision to become a recluse from society and not marry the man she loved as an unwise and foolish one. 
Furthermore, in Blake’s Songs of Innocence and Experience, he writes during a time when romanticism is in full force and is used to enact social justice and change. It seems through reading Blake’s poems such as “The Clod and the Pebble” that he values innocence and its outlooks on life and love: “Love seeketh not Itself to please,/Nor for itself hath any care;/But for another gives its ease,/And builds a Heaven in Hells despair” (Blake 144).
Although Blake goes on to say the clod is “Trodden with the cattles feet,” it seems as though he prefers its view on love compared to that of the pebble, which feels love “…builds a Hell in Heavens despite.” Due to this, one could argue that Blake feels as though people should combat those who are unwilling to enact social change due to their nature of “experience” and a lack of emotion with that of “innocence” and those who are more in tune with love and a romantic sense of emotions. Furthermore, works such as Experience’s “Holy Thursday” and “The Chimney Sweeper” offer not only a great contrast to Innocence’s poems of the same name but also a seeming wake-up call for those reading it to enact change concerning impoverished youth. 
It seems as though Blake suggests the guideline of using the emotional sensitivity embodied by Innocence to combat such problems. However, such poems lose their effectiveness when read today and cannot really be used as guidelines for how to respond to change. When Blake wrote these poems, it was a time when child labor laws were not put into effect and other technological and medicinal information had not yet been discovered. Furthermore, such guidelines for responding to this change are rendered moot in today’s society because the Romantic Era has passed and those problems concerning poverty and using a sensitivity to emotion to combat said poverty would not be seen as the foremost way to combat them. This further proves that change in Western civilization, while often cyclic and repetitive in the topics it surrounds, the means and guidelines with which to combat it depend on the time period in which it is occurring.
Finally, in John Locke’s Second Treatise of Government, he offers a “recipe” for how to respond to change. However, these guidelines are not able to be applied to the general sense of how to handle change because they deal specifically with the political change present at the time. 