1  m3
1 m3 
1 kg
(100  cm)3
The above is equal to 4.3 x 10-4 g/cm3.
The “Great Dark Spot” (such as the one Jupiter showcases) is indeed a noticeable aspect and difference from Uranus; “Unique among the gas giants is the presence of high clouds casting shadows on the opaque cloud deck below.” (Wikipedia).  
	Neptune’s mean molecular weight ranges from 2.53 - 2.69 g/mole (NASA); (a mole is given by Avogadro’s number: 6.022 x 1023, General Chemistry). Its mass compared to the one of the earth is 1.0243×1026 kg or 17.147 Earths. It has an orbital period of 165 years and is not visible with the naked eye, but when a telescope is used, it has a 2” diameter from the earth as well as a green-blue color due to the methane on its atmosphere (Wikipedia). “A principal component of natural gas, methane is a significant fuel. Burning one molecule of methane in the presence of oxygen releases one molecule of CO2 (carbon dioxide) and two molecules of H2O (water):
CH4 (gas) + 2O2 (gas) ? CO2 (gas) + 2H2O (liquid) 
Methane is a greenhouse gas with a global warming potential of 21.” (Wikipedia).
The above information might be relevant when referring to the Earth and its uses for methane, however in Neptune it is the thought of this author to believe in the fact that to be able to enter the atmosphere of Neptune it would be more than likely violent and difficult due not only to the methane present but also the strong winds and its rings.
	The gaseous planet also has a set of rings which have been studied for a considerable amount of time but until now are only thought to have a “clumpy” structure as described by Wikipedia. However, today “The gravitational effects of Galatea , a moon just inward from the ring, are now believed to confine the arcs.” (Wikipedia).  More evidence also shows: “Several other rings were detected by the Voyager cameras. In addition to the narrow Adams Ring 63,000 km from the center of Neptune, the Leverrier Ring is at 53,000 km and the broader, fainter Galle Ring is at 42,000 km. A faint outward extension to the Leverrier Ring has been named Lassell; it is bounded at its outer edge by the Arago Ring at 57,000 km.” (Wikipedia). 
	Like stated above Neptune is still a mystery and even though more information keeps surfacing such as: “New Earth-based observations announced in 2005 appeared to show that Neptune's rings are much more unstable than previously thought. In particular, it seems that the Liberté (Liberty) ring might disappear in as little as one century. The new observations appear to throw our understanding of Neptune's rings into considerable confusion.” (Wikipedia); and as the latter sentence implies, Neptune is still one of the most sought out mysteries in our Solar System.
	Consequently, the evidence seems to suggest that Neptune is very unstable chemically. It posses large amounts of Hydrogen but no Oxygen to react with its methane and produce water; therefore making it unlikely for it to have existing biological life. 
