Aside for the fact that it has very strong winds it would be unlikely for a shuttle to even enter its atmosphere unharmed by them.  The analysis provided is by no means in depth and in order to effectively understand more about Neptune and its chemical composition it is necessary to comprehend chemistry itself to a higher level. Nevertheless Neptune proves to be a great chemical endeavor as well as any other planet in our solar system.
Good Will Hunting And Its Relevance To Psychology
To whom it may concern,
I had the opportunity to talk with Will again for a few brief moments on Monday. I wasn’t expecting a huge change in behavior, perception/sensation, or even how he treats others but I was amazed (social psychology, Myers 539+). Will is someone who grew up without the comforts of love, which usually serve when nurturing a child, which later on aid in how they think and even act in nature, or in other words, the world. I have consulted the book titled Exploring Psychology by David G. Myers amongst others and found many helpful aids in the analysis of Will Hunting, my friend, and patient.
	Five years ago Will Hunting came to me with a defensive disposition, a real fear for close romantic relationships, and a negative but sometimes realistic mentality. Will was immensely defensive to the point of being physically abusive; to this account his now wife Skylar commented to me casually over coffee once “When I told him he was afraid of me leaving him he snapped and threw me against a wall; I sure love him enough or I would have left him there and then”; as it can be seen, Will is not that gifted in the realm of “normal” behavior and perhaps critical thinking (Myers) when presented with close love relationships due to the fact that he was physically abused when he was a child. 
	My friend Will is afraid of being abandoned because he was orphaned when young. We had amazing heart-felt talks detailing how people had abused him in his life, either physically or mentally. Thus he developed an acute sense of fear in the realm of trust. Perhaps the correct phrase to describe such would be “leave them before they leave you” kind of perception towards the world (Myers); this is of course due to the way Will sensed things, he very much sensed that it was better for him to leave Skylar, his wife, to the four winds before she “orphaned” him again and thus his perceptive action was to brake up with him five years ago before she left to Stanford (Myers). To be completely honest and perhaps even personal, he indeed loved her, he just had a very realistic and perhaps even pessimistic mentality, or should I say, critical thinking (Myers).
	When we are able to think critically, we aid our sensed perception and even our behavior on the aid of logical thoughts (Myers). Will, if I may say so, was a genius; he had a gift of ability. 
