He was able to comprehend anything by just reading it, this included very advanced mathematics, science, you name it. It is my theory that Will had an incredible fast subconscious; in other words his brain would complete parallel processing (Myers) quite rapidly. This theory seems to be on the right since Will also told me five years ago “I am just able to look at something, and I do it” when I inquired about his abilities. I am content to say, that Will has advanced steadily but quickly in the past few years, from what I explained above, to what I will state now.
	“We got married in June of last year” was the first thing that Will Hunting told me when I was finally able to return from India. I had given him my contact phone number at the Community College I worked at, and I was quite glad when he was able to see me. Will suffered from many of the above said states of mind, however he was able to not let those obstacles undermine him and his now wife.
	One of the first changes I noticed was the way he treated people, his behavior (Myers). He was rather calm and optimistic, perhaps not as talkative as I would have liked, but for only being five years after an entire life of the same behavior, I think it was substantially meaningful. Aside from his behavior, his sensation and perception also changed (Myers), I would even say, dramatically. He wasn’t the really pessimistic person anymore, he saw things as they were, yes, sometimes a bit crudely, but overall he really changed for his own benefit.
	Now, his gift had given him a job at nowhere else but a school for the gifted, just like him. He said to me that he connected with the children on a level that he was never able to connect to other people, not even his wife. I was happy for him, because above all Will made me realize that no matter how much a person might not look like they are intelligent; no matter how much people might think that a person from the South of Boston (Will was from Southie, just like me) is not capable of anything but laying brick; he was the example and he was alive, in front of me and had completely improved so much that he hugged me on the mere sight of me. 
	Thus his fear for really close relationships had almost come to an end; his wife had done a tremendous job and I was seeing the results. Consciously (Myers), Will knew that what had happened to him was not his fault; we had discussed that the last time I was able to see him. The physical abuse might be another issue however, that could have still needed work inside his own subconscious mind (Myers); I believe this is something you carry your whole life.  
