	Concluding, I would like to say that it was a joy working with Will Hunting, and I am also rather proud of having him become a good friend of mine as well as patient. 
Physics in Red Mars
Physics is “…the general analysis of nature, conducted in order to understand how the world around us and, more broadly, the universe, behaves” according to Wikipedia. It is the study of matter, electromagnetism, forces, light, energy, particles, space-time, and so on and so forth.  Physics is science, predominantly a driving force in our world and universe as in the book Red Mars by Kim Stanley Robinson.
The inhabitants of mars in the book are all scientists of some sort, even the psychologist Michel seems to know about science one way or another (as he observes the construction of their new home on mars it is apparent the environment is known to him), but why is this? Because the book is driven by science, it is interwoven into the lives of every single character in one way or another, subtly as is with Michel Duval and not as subtly as is the case of Nadia Chernyshevski. The simple point made above is that without the science, in this case Physics, in Red Mars the characters would lose their purpose, it is their duty to survive in mars, it is their duty to work as a team, and every scientist needs the help from the other. 
I would venture to say that Physics in itself is an all-encompassing science; it ties in many of the sciences already present in the book, Bioengineering, Chemistry, Engineering by itself, Geology, etc. This is because to the atomic and planetary level, Physics can both be an applied and theoretical science. Examples of the Physics in Red Mars are numerous, but to be brief I will name only a few: Mars is smaller than the earth (about 0.107 or .11 earths), this might not seem like much, however, the lesser the mass in a body the lesser its gravitational field by Newton’s law of Universal Gravitation  
Or to illustrate and understand better:
It can be seen here that the larger the mass of something the larger the force vector (or the arrow), this force vector is the gravitational pull a mass has against another; in simple terms it means that in our universe gravity is existent because there are masses in space, meaning, there is a gravitational pull between the earth and the sun (with the sun being the more massive body thus having a greater gravitational pull, which explains WHY we orbit the sun and not vice versa) and there is also a gravitational pull between mars and the sun as well as between earth and mars. This is explored in Red Mars in the way the first hundred attempted to jump and twirl once they were on the surface of mars for the first time.   
