Weight is different from mass (mass is the amount of matter), although it is confusing, weight is the force applied downward towards the earth in our case, this would be of course different in mars, the women and men of the first hundred weighed less on mars because of this same gravitational pull (which pulls them towards the ground but not as hard as if they were on earth) allowing them to jump like that with the so called “feeling of lightness” that Nadia felt at times.
Another example of Physics in the book is the Solar Energy they needed to harvest. Light energy (although it is important to note that light is composed of light packets called photons) can be converted into electricity (or what is called Potential Difference or “Voltage”) so then it can power the rovers and robots working on Nadia’s and everyone’s projects; in itself Physics is everywhere in the construction, the rovers have mechanical arms that need Power, which do Work and need a specific Torque. And as is apparent, the people themselves have several arguments about the ways in which energy needs to be spent (should we waste energy terraforming or not? Should we leave the mars landscape as it is or should we attempt to change it and risk planetary instability?). 
This all ties in with the Physics of the planet itself, mars is thought to have no magnetic field (due to the absence of a solid and non-rotation core which makes the planet cold) which among other things protects a planet from solar radiation and asteroids, etc. This explains the mars’ geography of craters and valleys and cannons that Ann loves, which is why Michel comments about how she loves what is “dead”.  
Thus, Physics drives the book forward, every time something breaks Nadia fixes it with her knowledge of Engineering (engineering is mostly applied physics) and for some reason, everyone seems to want her help in those initial stages of mars-landing. Even when Frank Chalmers dies trying to save everyone from the surge, he used physics-concepts to get them to safety; their abilities, as scientists, drives the story. Without their conjoined abilities (with physics as a binding glue) they would not have survived on mars, there would be no book, no plot, and most importantly no arguments which gave both the characters and the work itself evolutionary traits.
Ingredients
• 2 1/2  cups all purpose flour?• 2 cups sugar?• 1/2 cup baking cocoa (powdered)?• 1 teaspoon baking powder?• 1/4 teaspoon salt?• 1 teaspoon baking soda?• 2 sticks butter at room temperature?• 5 large eggs?• 1 cup buttermilk (see note at bottom)?• 1 teaspoon vanilla?• 1 teaspoon red food coloring
Red Velvet Cupcake Recipe Directions
Combine flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a mixing bowl.  Sift dry ingredients three times.  
Cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy.  Add eggs one at a time, making sure to beat well after each egg.  
Add 1/4 of dry ingredients to creamed mixture then approximately 1/4 of buttermilk alternating until mixed well.  Mix in vanilla and food coloring.
