Fill lined cupcake pans 1/2 full of red velvet batter.  Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for approximately 20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Cool cupcakes in pans for 5 to 10 minutes then remove from pans.  Cool completely on wire racks before frosting.
NOTE:  If you don't happen to have buttermilk on hand you can try this simple substitution. 
Place one tablespoon of lemon juice or white vinegar in an empty one cup measuring cup.  Fill with milk to 1 cup.  Let stand for 5 minutes then use in any cake recipe that calls for buttermilk.
For the Cream Cheese Frosting: ?1 pound cream cheese, softened ?2 sticks butter [1 cup], softened ?1 teaspoon vanilla extract ?4 cups sifted confectioners' sugar ?Chopped pecans and fresh raspberries or strawberries, for garnish?In a large mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese, butter and vanilla together until smooth. Add the sugar and on low speed, beat until incorporated. Increase the speed to high and mix until very light and fluffy. 
Garnish with chopped pecans and a fresh raspberry or strawberry. 
Cook's Note: Frost the cupcakes with a butter knife or pipe it on with a big star tip. 
White Cup cakes= sturdy, ingredients
3 cups all-purpose flour?2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder?1/2 teaspoon salt?2/3 cups unsalted butter, softened?1 3/4 cups sugar?2 eggs?1 1/4 cups whole milk?1 teaspoon vanilla extract 
Preparation
1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Prepare cupcake tins as directed as directed in the recipe you are following.
2. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl. 
3. In a separate, larger bowl, cream the butter. Gradually add the sugar, creaming until light and fluffy.
4. Add the eggs one at a time, and beat well after each addition.
5. In a small bowl, combine the milk and vanilla.
6. To the butter mixture, add about one quarter of the flour mixture and mix well. Add about one quarter of the milk mixture and mix well. Continue alternating the flour mixture and milk mixture, beating after each addition until smooth.
7. Pour the batter into the cupcake tins. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until the cake springs back when touched.
8. Remove from oven and let cool for about 10 minutes, then turn the cupcakes out of the tins and onto a rack to finish cooling completely. 
ICING:
1/4 lb. butter?1 box confectioners sugar?1 tsp. vanilla
Mix together with mixer and add 1 teaspoon of milk at a time until proper consistency for spreading. If you like, tint small amounts of the icing with pink, green, yellow, etc., food coloring. Ice the cool cookies and dip them in coconut flakes or chocolate jimmies.
Filling:?1/2 cup sugar?1/3 cup milk?2/3 cup crisco (Scant)?1/4 tsp. salt?1 tsp. vanilla?1 Tbls. water?1/2 cup powdered sugar?Filling:?Beat all ingredients, EXCEPT powdered sugar, for 7 minutes. Do not cheat on the beating time or you're filling will be watery.