?Add 1/2 cup powdered sugar and beat 5 minutes. Again do not cheat on the beating time.?Put some filling in a pastry bag with a straight tip and poke into the top of each cupcake. Gently squeeze some filling into the middle of each cupcake, turning as its being filled. 
Be careful not to put too much filling in or the cupcake top will split. Save the rest of the creme filling to decorate the frosted cupcakes with a squiggly line across the top when finished.?When all the cupcakes are filled, make the frosting.
Invariably, numerous philosophers and scholars have debated the validity of a metaethical theory called the Divine Command Theory. The Divine Command theory, as Brown and Nagasawa define: “…the Divine Command Theory, according to which the difference between moral rightness and wrongness is simply that the former is that which is commanded by God, while the latter is that which is prohibited by God.” (138). In other words, imagine a variable ? for which the following is true:
	? Is right if God commands ?.
The credence of the Divine Command Theory is ill founded due to the insufficient condition of God’s will, the lack of clarity in interpretation, and the arbitrary application of morality. 
	Despite its weaknesses, the Divine Command Theory holds enticing strengths. An appealing strength is the simplicity with which a person can follow the theory. As Brown and Nagasawa quote:
“Similarly, John Madden writes: [T]here is an all-powerful God who created the entire cosmos – everything and everybody – and he laid down rules for how to live (140).” As illustrated, the rules have been set; all a person needs to do is follow ? (or what God commands) so structure can also be established.
	A second strength arrives in the form of structure, which in turn creates order.  Many theists (a person who believes in the existence of a god or gods) possess a strong incentive for complying with God’s commands hence The Catholic Encyclopedia says: “The Divine command is set forth in the most stringent terms by Christ, and the failure to comply with it is visited with the supreme penalty of eternal damnation.” (Brown, Nagasawa 140). This helps maintain structure, which evolves into an orderly sense of community. 
	A third strength within the theory is the conception of a sense of community through acceptance thus leading to happiness. To an individual complying with ? the belief of such being right brings about positive reinforcement; however, when that individual is praised by other individuals also complying with ? the amount of positive reinforcement increases substantially. Meaning that acceptance crafts a feeling of belonging of an existential nature; the individual feels and/or believes they have a purpose in life (comply with ? and go to heaven), which entitles happiness. The above strengths invite the belief in the Divine Command Theory; consequentially, they also fabricate weaknesses. 
