	God’s will and His commands are initial conditions for the Divine Command Theory. Nevertheless, they are insufficient to base morality on. In accordance with Brown and Nagasawa consider the following altered example: let ? = an activity a person extremely enjoys but also one which God has commanded to honor, such as Christmas. Is it not possible then that such a person wishes to honor the holiday because of an independent reason and not because God commands it?
Perhaps the person extremely enjoys Christmas dinner. If such is so then that person fails to believe in God’s command to honor Christmas. The latter need not neglect the existence of moral standards, as Rauscher explains by quoting Kant:
“For it was these laws alone whose inner practical necessity led us to the presupposition of a self-sufficient cause or a wise world-regent, in order to give effect to these laws, and hence we cannot in turn regard these as contingent and derived from a mere will, especially from a will of which we would have had no concept at all had we not formed it in accordance with those laws.”(477). The latter says persons learned of morality for practical reasons and thus are able to appreciate God’s will (or any other moral judgment regardless of beliefs) because they innately know what is right and what is wrong, morality is independent.
Henceforth, independent and universal moral standards by which to judge God’s commands exist. As Hammond writes (added emphasis): “That is, we should suppose that God’s wish confers an obligation in virtue of some principle like ‘A person should respect the wishes of the being that created him or her’. Certainly something like this is suggested…that God’s being our creator is a ‘morally relevant fact.’ If so then the fact that God wills something is not a sufficient condition for bringing about an obligation, even when this fact is supplemented by additional facts about God’s nature, and God’s relations to human beings. What is required in addition is appeal to some general moral principle.” (218). In other words:
 ?  Is right = God commands ? 
And if God commands ? because God is “perfectly good” then 
God is what he commands, which is an empty convention of God’s goodness.
Therein, the existence of independent moral standards or judgments is apparent; this is to say that God enforces the moral law without believing in the Divine Command Theory.
	The above suggests the theory lacks clarity of interpretation. When God’s commands are extracted from a book, i.e. the Bible, different interpretations for the different versions of the text abound.  Additionally, every person interprets the text differently (or a different text, Jews vs. Christians, etc.) and not all of the answers to a problem emerge from the text. Once more, a person must conclude the solution aided by independent and universal moral judgments. From the previous however, the problem of an arbitrary application of morality surfaces.
