	Moreover, if the theory is plausible, several heinous acts a person might commit prove to be morally right. As Hooker quotes from Cudworth: “If the Divine Command theory is correct, then, if God were to command that we torture an innocent child to death, this command would make torturing an innocent child to death morally right.” (333). A person only needs to claim God commanded them to execute horrible acts to be in accordance with moral rightness. Correspondingly, the theory strips a person away from personal responsibility of their actions. 
	To conclude, the insufficient condition of God’s will along with the lack of clarity in interpretation, and the arbitrary application of morality forces the Divine Command Theory into a vague opposition to the fact that independent moral values are universal and are indeed existent in society.
Final Essay
As a member of society, one is exposed to illegal drugs since an early age; from Elementary School (and its equivalent in other countries) to High School (and beyond), people from all walks of life can potentially be exposed and try illegal substances such as marijuana, heroin, LSD, ecstasy, “magic mushrooms”, etc.  The use is generally concentrated on teenagers and young people, according to a 1998 study “Marijuana use among teenagers has almost doubled since 1992” (Bailes 611). The use of marijuana is not exclusive; young people also consume other drugs for numerous reasons. I believe the use of marijuana to develop an “open mind” is groundless and unnecessary.
Consequentially, what is the common concept of an “open mind”? One might say it correlates with the mind itself and perhaps the intelligence to grasp different new information without a bias. If the latter is assumed, several people claim the minimal use of marijuana does not affect intelligence; in fact they are correct if IQ (Intelligence Quotient) is an accurate measure for it. In a study of seventy people “Current marijuana use had a negative effect on global IQ score only in subjects who smoked 5 or more joints per week. A negative effect was not observed among subjects who had previously been heavy users but were no longer using the substance. We conclude that marijuana does not have a long-term negative impact on global intelligence. Whether the absence of a residual marijuana effect would also be evident in more specific cognitive domains such as memory and attention remains to be ascertained.” (Fried 887). Seemingly it would be advisable to continue studies of this nature, especially since Fried writes (emphasis added): “Both the negative effects of use of at least 5 joints weekly and the lack of long-term effects found in this study should be interpreted cautiously. The relatively small number of subjects for whom data were available, the length of time that the drug was used, the estimated total number of joints smoked and the young age of the subjects may serve, individually or collectively, to moderate effects. Smoking at least 5 joints weekly should not be interpreted as a definitive threshold, as subjects were at low risk for other factors that could have a negative synergistic effect on IQ score.” (Fried 887). 