Accordingly, it appears that IQ is not lowered by the use of marijuana in controllable subjects, although a clear educated analysis would require more time and funding. Thus if it is assumed marijuana does not lower IQ is it valid to think it also creates an “open mind”? Most people are prone to use association methods such as “well if it doesn’t make me stupid then it must be ok”, when the information is lacking one can use any excuse to justify an action (in this case the use of marijuana to obtain an “open mind”). 
As seen above thusly, marijuana can create a false sense of security by the absence of information in other areas, not just its association with “open-mindedness” and seeming ineffectual impact on IQ.
Marijuana has several cognitive and physical effects, some of which should be taken seriously and others explain the reasons why so many people use it. Bailes writes (emphasis added): “Marijuana sometimes is labeled as a hallucinogen because it causes the same wave-like phenome non associated with lysergic acid diethylamide (ie, LSD). Within a few minutes after inhaling marijuana, most individuals feel relaxed and tranquil. Many experience an increased awareness of their surroundings--sounds become more distinct, vision seems more acute, time is distorted, and insight into life and life issues seems enhanced. Things seem funny; laughter comes easily. Some experience anger, depression, anxiety, or a sense that their misfortunes are almost unbearable. Paranoia and panic reactions may ensue with large doses, but also can occur with small doses if the users are inexperienced. (44)” (611). To the average person this “enhancement” of one’s life and problems could certainly seem like “open-mindedness”. The negative cognitive effects of marijuana might be overridden by the positive experiences, however physical effects still exist: “Physiologic changes produced by marijuana and hashish include 
?	increased appetite, 
?	 increased heart rate and peripheral blood flow, 
?	 bronchodilatation, and 
?	 conjunctival ejection. 
Marijuana increases the blood pressure only moderately and does not cause pupillary dilation. Marijuana has some effect on short-term, but not long-term, memory. Regular marijuana use can result in some of the same symptoms as cigarette smoking (eg, reduced breathing capacity, bronchitis, emphysema, lung cancer).” (Bailes 611).
Unfortunately, most people do not know the different effects marijuana could have on their body because they were deprived of the information or have made a decision about taking drugs regardless of the reasons.
Additionally, average persons could be influenced by other factors; the groundless idea of using drugs to “open one’s mind” and “help better themselves” reaches onto matters of artistic endeavors such as music, in particular, rock. In a study conducted in Finland in 2002, non-professional rock bands seem to associate music with both marijuana and hallucinogenic drugs: “One of the regular [marijuana] smokers told me he had experimented with hallucinogenic mushrooms.” (Gronnerod 422).  People are also influence-prone to the myths of hearsay, and soon enough drugs might become a necessity or the normal thing to do: “Some claimed that every musician they know uses cannabis and that every user is either a musician or an ex-musician. 
