Absolutely Sure: A Defense of Unchanging Morality
	In our diverse world, many people will inevitably hold many different viewpoints. There will always be different worldviews, since there are different societies and different cultural norms all around the earth. Likewise, different people – even within the same culture – will hold themselves to their own version of a moral code for living, and a different way to achieve their moral goals. However, the existence of varying beliefs of morality does not mean that various standards exist. Ultimately, there is one and only one right standard of moral evaluation.
In fact, there must be only one standard of morality. Or, perhaps, it is better to say that there must be one true standard of morality, since there are obviously countless numbers of moral codes that people choose to believe in. This belief in a single, ultimate moral code is a part of a theory of “Ethical Absolutism.” 
As John Chaffee explains in his textbook The Philosopher’s Way, ethical absolutism (according to philosopher W.T. Stace) holds that “there is but one law, one standard, one morality for all men.” […] “That which is right now was right in the centuries of Greece and Rome, nay, in the very ages of the cave man. That which is evil now was evil then” (431). Thus, there must be one overarching reality of truth, regardless of what people do or do not hold themselves to.
Now, while the essential concepts of ethical absolutism have been around for thousands of years, W.T. Stace was a very influential figure in connecting the tenets of ethical absolutism into a “packaged” philosophical theory during the 19th and 20th century. Stace presented that there can only be one real code by which all men are judged. If any morality is to be true, then only one morality can be true.
So then, it is obvious that people around the world will differ in what they think is right. One person may believe that it is morally objectionable to listen to rock and roll music. Another person may live by the credo, “rock is my life.” Now, on an issue like this, we may not have any laws or other real guidelines, so we are not biased due to legal rules. Who is right, then? What if the issue was about stealing, or adultery, or murder?
Clearly, what a person believes about a situation does not make it right or wrong. I could wholeheartedly believe that the moon is made of cheese. Conversely, I could staunchly deny the existence of whales in the ocean. The moon may look like cheese, and I may have never seen a whale for myself… but my personal guidelines do not affect the reality that will continue to exist.
Now we must consider another situation: if everyone on earth universally believed that the moon was made of cheese, or that whales are a conspiracy, do these facts now become true? Of course not. The acceptability of something does not change its validity.
