These examples are important to reflect the structure of the moral absolution theory. By stating that right and wrong are independent of belief, situation, and cultural acceptability, the obvious result is that there is a higher standard of truth and error which transcends our personal opinion. However, if everyone now has the capacity to be wrong, we run into a problem: who defines what is right?
The only possible answer is that there is a higher authority involved. Without an authority figure, the belief in a universal standard of moral acceptability is completely arbitrary. People would simply ask, “True? According to what or who?” Thus, God must be the judge of things, as the only plausible authority.
Now, when we realize that God is the judge of behavior and all other things, we must ask if the standard is made by God, or whether God Himself follows a standard. The Biblical passage in Titus 1:2 speaks of “God, who cannot lie…”. Notice that the author, the apostle Paul, did not state that God “does not” lie, but that God cannot lie; it is not possible or within the scope of his holy character to lie. Thus, it can be deemed that (for example) the act of lying is wrong, beyond what even God must follow in His own nature. If God is to be wholly good, then God is and will be a wholly good judge.
The fact must immediately be addressed that this series of conclusions is based largely on faith. Even to separate moral absolutism from a religious perspective, there must still remain a “commander” in charge of issuing moral code, whoever or whatever it may be. However, any belief system is based on faith, at its core. 
A defender of relativism will say that we cannot truly define what is right and wrong, since situational ethics may come into play. However, if you follow this train of thought, how do they know that there are no absolute moral codes? They could just as easily be wrong in their own beliefs (Stace)!
When we look at the cultural acceptability of a particular issue versus a larger “right or wrong,” we must understand that each culture will indeed have its own versions of right and wrong. It is important to designate between moral issues and cultural norms. Let us look again at our earlier example of rock music.
A very strict society, such as a puritan or Amish society, will have its own culture. These communities have their own outlook on the world, and even on rock music. The Amish are morally obligated to abstain from the harsh sounds of rock. This seems almost absurdly strict to the rest of American society. 
However, this kind of moral code is culturally created by and for the Amish people. It is simply a cultural norm, which has taken on the distinct appearance of a moral issue. It can easily be said that God actually likes rock music! There is no definition given to the issue. 
