However, the Amish are certainly not doing any wrong by keeping the syncopated rhythms to a minimum. Their culture has developed a norm, and it is alright for them – so be it. There will be differences in socially accepted behavior and cultural norms. There will not be differences in what is right for all men and women to do.
It is natural for each culture to base their lives and morals on what they know. Sociologists Peter Berger and Thomas Luckmann write in The Social Construction of Reality that “the sociology of knowledge must concern itself with whatever passes for ‘knowledge’ in a society, regardless of the ultimate validity or invalidity (by whatever criteria) of such ‘knowledge.’[…] In other words, [they] contend that the society of knowledge is concerned with the analysis of the social construction of reality” (3).
What Berger and Luckmann are conveying is that each culture, subculture, and person will base their actions on what they have been taught to know as truth, without regard to what the real truth may be, or what is in line with the supreme morality. No matter what we find to be right or wrong at a particular time may be untrue as equally as it may be true. We cannot create the truth. Truth is timeless.
Our American culture may permit behavior today that would have been wildly unacceptable 100 years ago. Likewise, we may oppose things that were done without concern 100 years ago. However, just as the moon was never cheese, the truth exists whether we like to follow it or not.
We must find out what is true. We cannot accept our own actions as being “good enough for me.” We must always look for what the real truth is; what the ultimate moral code says that we should be doing with ourselves… because, whether we like it or not, the truth is out there. It’s up to us to seek it out, because if we don’t find it… it will find us, however we have been.
In this paper, the author attempts to create an overview and explanation of the current state of the Native American Indian, in both a historical and sociological framework. The essay was compiled in the Fall of 2009 as a part of a college-level honors program under the supervision of tenured faculty.
“Circular Reasoning: The Cultural Connections of Suicide in Native American Reservations”
	Everything we know is a product of our culture. The way we act, the things we say, even the language we speak is a result of the society around us. All that we do is made possible because we learned how to do it, and we learned from those who are around us. These people form our society, and the locus of our understanding – that is, the way that we perceive every aspect of our environment – is a result of our interpretation of culturally created symbols. 
	This kind of symbolic interaction is vital to the creation of our “self,” and is impossible to separate from the context of our culture.
