For example, our culture has applied meaning to the shapes on this page; thus, we have learned to interpret them, and can read them as words. We apply a symbolic meaning to our personal interactions, whether it be a smile, a high-five, or the wearing of a white wedding gown.
	We are steeped in our own culture, to the extent that we do not even see it around us. It is similar to the way that we do not feel the earth spinning. We can only know that it spins because we compare it to other objects in the universe. Thus, because we are so innately made up by our culture, we have a natural tendency to be confused by – or opposed to – cultures that seem foreign to our own.
	There may be no better example of a cultural conflict than that which exists among the Native American / American Indian population. This people group is expected to live “in their own world,” yet remain in the physical and experiential location of another culture. Even still, the typical perceptions of Native Americans are a parody on their thousands of years of heritage.
The image is known across the world: a stone-faced, shirtless Indian sits on his horse, ready to draw his handmade bow, ready to shoot down the cowboy white man, eager to take a tomahawk and collect a bloodied, innocent scalp. It might have happened, 200 years ago, but certainly not as we would see them portrayed in a classic John-Wanye-western movie. 
Nowadays, the image is either of a tourist trapper, overly wealthy from the revenue of casinos and tax-free gasoline sales, or of a soft-spoken, peaceful hermit, intrinsically tied into Mother Nature. Unfortunately, both stereotypes are loosely based on facts, but neither one is true. That’s what makes stereotypes so easy – there’s just enough truth to make complete denial nearly impossible.
Mostly, though, the reality is that Native Americans, the people who once spanned the continent with a rich, thriving culture, have been relegated to government-created “reservations,” and are largely forgotten by the mass of society. The very essence of Native “being” is to be tied to the open land, which is why these reservations are, in essence, a mockery of themselves. 
The environment of these reservations is miserable, at best. Poverty, joblessness, and disease reign among the inhabitants of “the Rez,” as the reservations are known colloquially. For example, diabetes has become a major epidemic, because of high-sugar items being sold on the sparse reservation grocery stores. Heavy alcoholism creates a constant plague of dysfunctional self-defeat. Substance abuse starts early in the lives of the young people. 
The statistics show themselves more clearly, when compared with the average rates. For instance, “Native Americans earn barely half the wage of the average American with almost one-third of them living below the poverty line. They are twice as likely to die of diabetes and three times more likely to die from alcoholism. 
