‘Any objective observer would say that our treatment of Native Americans is a national disgrace,’ said [Arizona Senator John] McCain” (Stewart and McKiernan 2). 
With these things in mind, it is no wonder that one of the worst problems to be found is suicide. This brew of various factors – cultural loss, alcoholism, disease, poverty, etc – has been amalgamated into a tragic suicide rate, especially among Native American youth. In fact, Natives have the highest suicide rate in the country. In a September 2009 speech to the Committee on Senate Indian Affairs, Dr. Dolores Subia (BigFoot), of the Caddo Nation of Oklahoma, explained that “research indicates that American Indians account for nearly 11 percent of total suicides in the United States” and that in a 2001 study on Indian youth suicide, 16 percent of those who participated in the study had attempted suicide within the 12 months prior to the survey (Subia).
This high suicide rate among the Native youth is a crisis, and should be dealt with as such. However, the true cause for this pattern of self-destructive behavior remains shadowed in a host of issues. Choosing to commit suicide is obviously a huge decision. Such a life-ending choice does not come at a whim. This suicide rate certainly stems from the depression and frustration that is to be found in the broken lifestyle of a young person living on a reservation, and looking for a way out.
But perhaps this suicide is not a “way out.” Instead, ending one’s life is a way in – a way to become a part of the larger circle. The deaths of these people are not just attempts to get away from their troubles. Instead, they are a means to enter into the bigger scheme of things, and to gain something that they could not have gotten otherwise. No matter what the case, though, the state of affairs on the reservations is in a complete state of squalor and shambled disrepair. Something needs to be done to address this unrecognized humanitarian issue.
Why hasn’t this problem been receiving widespread national attention, then? The thing that has become a problem is that we have come to lump Native Americans into one large group; instead of recognizing the wide diversity among indigenous nations, they have simply become the “Indians,” which are all too easy to parody. It’s a problem of perception, one might say.
In day-to-day life, we often think of the American Indian as having been in existence, so it is alright to think what we may in regard to them. In fact, it is hard to realize that there even are Native Americans, and that they have a place in our culture, even today. This is comically typified by an exchange on the legendary TV sitcom, Seinfeld. In this particular scene of an episode titled, “The Cigar Store Indian,” Jerry Seinfeld enters the apartment of his friend Elaine:
JERRY: …I felt bad about this afternoon, so I got you something.
