?ELAINE: Oh, you did? (to girls) Oh, do you guys all know Jerry??THE GIRLS: Hi Jerry/Hello. (etc)?JERRY: Hi. Hi Winona. Nice to see you again.?GIRL (NOT WINONA): Elaine, is it your birthday??ELAINE: No.?JERRY: I don't need a reason to give gifts, it's my nature. I love to make?people happy.?THE GIRLS: Aww/That's so sweet. (general murmur of approval)?JERRY: Are you ready??ELAINE: Yeah.?JERRY: (whips off bag to reveal Indian [statue]) Ta-da!?[There is a deathly hush.]?JERRY: It's a cigar store Indian! (to Elaine) Read the card.?ELAINE: (examines card) (embarrassed) That's very nice. Thank you very much.?JERRY: Read it out loud.?ELAINE: I, I don't think so.?JERRY: (takes the card from Elaine) We had a little fight this afternoon.?(reading from card) Let's bury the hatchet. We smoke um peace pipe.?WINONA: (gathering her stuff) Hey, you know, it's late. I really should go.?ELAINE: I, uh, I don't blame you Winona. I, uh...?JERRY: (begins rocking the Indian back and forth, making a stereotypical movie Indian chant.) Hey-yah, ho-ah, hey-yah, ho-ah.?WINONA: (leaves, looking offended.)?ELAINE: Are you out of your mind?!?JERRY: ...ho-ah. It's, it's, it's kitschy.?ELAINE: Winona… is a Native American.?JERRY: …She is? (Seinfeld ep.74, emphasis added) 
	This is, of course, intended to be funny because of the situation’s awkwardness, caused by Jerry’s over-the-top stereotyping. However, the scene does illustrate a common mindset, wherein it is almost a shock and a novelty when in the presence of someone with Native heritage. Yet, the US census records from the year 2000 record a population of over 4.248 million American Indian and Alaska Natives (US Department of Commerce). 
In a country of ~280 million, this rounded to about 1.5% of the total population at the time, and the Native segment of the population has been growing. To put things in perspective, it would be the equivalent of attending a rock concert of 10,000 people, and 150 of them would be Native American. When three and a half busloads of people arrived, they would be noticeable. 
Natives are not a thing of the past, by any means. They are people, they live as much as we do, and they are alive and well today. Or rather, they are alive today – but, they are far from being well. Cultural divides keep these people from being a part of the larger society, and years of cultural decomposition have simultaneously kept them from being at home within their own subcultural circles. This is the nature of the “reservation” concept: to keep the Indians away from the rest of society. The plan has worked all too well.
	Overall, the history of the reservations is a rather linear series of steps taken to get more of what the Indians have. When Christopher Columbus so famously landed in 1492 and misnamed the local inhabitants of the land he inadvertently discovered, there began a series of cultural events known as the “Columbian exchange.” 
