This term describes the series of trading between the Old World and the New World. 
Literally, there were two isolated worlds meeting for the first time in thousands of years, and each side had things that were foreign to the other, both good and bad. For example, the Europeans introduced cattle, pigs, horses, dandelions and smallpox to the Americas; on the other hand, the pre-Columbian civilizations offered corn, indigo, furs, and syphilis (which spread quickly to Europe through obvious reasons). 
However, because of the enormously high cost of land in the still quasi-feudal Europe, the New World was seen as being a major commodity. There was a European rush to seize land as quickly and heavy-handedly as possible. However, there were a few obstacles in the way – or rather, there were around 60 million obstacles in the way, according to some modern estimates of pre-Columbian Native populations (Ayres 17). As far as Europe was concerned, it was time to get conquering. Thus, the Spanish conquistadors quickly annihilated entire civilizations in Mexico and Central America. Portuguese war makers set their sights on South America, and North America was essentially a free-for-all.
The general perceptions of the native inhabitants of the New World would take one of two forms: they were either childlike innocents who needed to learn and be brought up into European culture, or they were bloodthirsty, soulless brutes in need of quick extermination. These two viewpoints blended to form the concept of the “noble savage.” We can see how different the way of life would have been for the native nations and the Europeans, without much explanation. 
Thus, because of the social and cultural conflict that existed, it was easier to justify the brutality when the victims were perceived as lower forms of life. European travelers would simply refer to the people they saw as “savages,” breaking the connection of humanity (Ellingson xiii). 
While the pattern of European settlement and expansion continued, the general notion was that the Natives were simply in the way, and settlers did not keep themselves above trickery to get their way. One outstanding example of European conniving was the trading of goods with Indians, during which time they supposedly gave two smallpox-laced blankets to the Natives. Whether this is true or not, the fact remains that European disease killed vast numbers of Native peoples during this period of time. 
Now, all of this is not meant to be one-sided. The Natives were equally brutal in trying to kill the incoming white settlers. In fact, both sides regularly performed pillage-and-plunder raids on the other’s settlements, and the local tribes were renowned for their policy of killing all war prisoners. The view that we must take is one that examines the cultural breakdown between these two people groups.
For example, when Europeans would buy land from the surrounding tribes, the Natives thought that they were tricking the Europeans. Here lies an essential difference of what culture had taught: the Natives did not think it was possible to sell land.
