Instead, the land belonged to everyone. 
The various tribes were excellent at sharing farmland, and would rotate their crops in an advanced system, patiently leaving some fields dormant to replenish. This was a sign, both of respect for the earth, and of agricultural genius. However, when settlers put up fences around their newly-purchased land, they meant business, and would use force to keep the land for themselves.
	This pattern of westward expansion continued, and became a major theme of American history. Eventually, as the United States was a major power, treaties were made in respect to land agreements with Native Americans. These were continually broken, as natural resources became more desirable. After a time of treaty making and breaking, Andrew Jackson won the national election in 1824, and became President of the United States.
	Jackson was very clear on his anti-Indian sentiments. He had been involved in several military actions against American Indians, and he was eager to use his new power to advance his politics. However, it would have been politically awkward for the President of the United States to directly break existing treaties with the Native Americans. However, he was receiving pressure from the states to remove the Indians.
	Thus, as described by Prentice Hall Press’ The American Journey, vol. 1, when the Cherokee tribe declared themselves as a sovereign nation with absolute power over their land, the US Congress passed resolutions placing the Cherokee directly under state law. This made any Cherokee laws null and void, and set up the political appeal for President Jackson’s “Indian Removal Act,” which “allowed state officials to override federal protection of Native Americans” (Prentice Hall 274-276).
	An official resting place for Native Americans was set in the arid regions of the Oklahoma Territory, which was halfheartedly considered to be a reservation for Native Americans and their culture. This was overseen by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which was created in 1824 as a branch of the War Department. The 1,200 mile forced march of various tribes – especially the Cherokee nation – from their homes in North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia has become famously known as the “Trail of Tears.”
	While the conditions of the journey were harsh, the greatest damage cannot be measured –  the damage to the culture of these people groups. To be taken from one’s home and relocated to a different place would be difficult for anyone. However, for these people, who are so essentially tied to the land, the toll would have been huge. All of their existence would have been acclimated to the landscape and resources of the fertile, wooded, Carolinian/Georgian setting. Being moved to the driest portions of Oklahoma would mean a complete reinventing of one’s existence. The Native American way of life was dying, both literally and figuratively. The situation did not end with the journey, however. The Bureau of Indian Affairs, or BIA, played an increasingly prevalent role in the lives of Native Americans across the country. C.L. Henson writes for American Studies Today Online: 
In 1849, Congress transferred the BIA from the War Department to the newly created Department of the Interior. 
