With this transfer came a change in policy and responsibilities. The removal of tribes to reservations had brought about disease and starvation, which forced the government to begin providing tribes with food and other supplies. Administering the distribution of this aid became a responsibility of the BIA … however, the agency was not discharging its duties responsibly. Unscrupulous Indian agents increased misery on reservations and generated hostility. In 1867, Congress appointed a Peace Commission to study the problems of the BIA's administration of reservations. The commission recommended many changes, including the appointment of honest, more effective agents and the establishment of a separate, independent agency for Indian affairs. Some improvements were forthcoming, but the recommendations to remove the BIA from the Interior Department and establish it as an independent agency [were] never followed. During the assimilation era, in the 1880s, the BIA's presence on reservations increased dramatically. Indian agents became responsible for operating schools, dispensing justice, distributing supplies, administering allotments, and leasing contracts. By 1900 the Indian agent had, in effect, become the tribal government (Henson).
	The mismanagement continues to this day. Clearly, the current state of affairs is miserable. However, the most important thing to be seen throughout history is the continual crumbling of Native American culture. However, to this day, there has clearly been a lasting will to survive, despite all of the hardships. The Native people have at times been told to celebrate their own heritage, and at other times, they have been punished for doing so. 
Thus, it is no wonder that the suicide rates are so high: today’s Native Americans are caught between cultures. They have become detached from either side, but cannot separate themselves fully. They are a part of everything, and everything is a part of them; it is a continuing circle.
In fact, the circle is an essential part of all Native American cultures. Whether in storytelling, or in life, there is no beginning or end: everything just is. It is hard for an outsider to understand fully, but it is integral to grasping the Indian mindset. It is a way of life, if nothing else.
For Native Americans, storytelling is a way of teaching, a form of entertainment, and a way to pass on the culture to younger generations. This directly exemplifies the way that our culture is learned – namely, from those around us. However, despite what most listeners are used to, a traditional Native American story may not necessarily have a beginning or an ending. The story just is; it fades in, and fades out, like a circle. The listener may not even know what the lesson was within the story until it is time to apply it to their life. But the culture has been passed on.
Leslie Marmon Silko, a renowned Native American author from the Laguna Pueblo tribe, writes this way in her exposition “Language and Literature from a Pueblo Indian Perspective.” She recounts a traditional story as told by her Aunt Susie, which is about a little girl who asks her mother for some yashtoah, a bread made from the “curled-up edges of corn bread.”
