Throughout the story, the girl gets more and more unnecessarily desperate, until she threatens to kill herself in a lake. We would expect some kind of event to keep her alive, certainly. Yet, at the end of the story, she jumps in the lake and drowns gruesomely. The listener is left aghast at this bizarre turn of events. However, the story is not over. The girl’s mother gathers the girl’s clothes, and sprinkles them off of a cliff, in a rainbow of colors. As they fall, they turn into butterflies, and that is why (according to the story) the Southeast has so many colorful butterflies (Silko 162-164).
This story is admittedly depressing when viewed at the surface. Yet, after a closer look, we realize that there is something hidden in the events of the storyline. The girl dies, but her spirit turns into countless butterflies. Her spirit is now living on, through these butterflies. In fact, without the girl’s death, she would never have been able to enter into the folklore; she would never have been able to live on as something greater than what she was. The meaning is hidden deeply in the story; it cannot be found in the words themselves, but only in the listener’s understanding.
	Undoubtedly, the circle is represented heavily in native folklore and in every part of Native American culture: the Sun, the Moon, the Earth, tribal drums, meeting groups; all of these are in the form of the circle. What’s yours is mine; what’s mine is yours – it’s a circle of friendship. We are the keepers of the Earth; the Earth sustains us. The circle must be honored. As those studying the culture, the prevalence and importance of the circle cannot be overemphasized: every part of nature helps the others.
	We must use our sociological imagination to realize the significance of this observation. In reality, this concept of the circle is not very different from the Functionalistic sociological perspective. The Functionalism Perspective maintains that each facet of society works (functions) together, each part helping the other. The whole of our culture can be seen in parts; for instance, there exists a government function, an education function, a family function, an economic function, and so on. In order for the family function to perform ideally, for example, it must be supported by the economic function, the educational function, and all other factors which can contribute to a working order of society. When these parts do not work as they should, the system becomes dysfunctional.
This is so close to the way that the circle exists that it would certainly be safe to link the nature of these two forms of thought. In the functionalistic perspective, just as in the circle, the parts loop back around, helping each other, and making everything work together. However, everything is not working as it should in modern Native American culture. 
There is no way for the American Indian youth to find their identity when caught between cultures. 
