There is clear dysfunction on the reservations. “The unemployment rate for Indians continues to be higher than national averages, and on some reservations unemployment is over 60 percent. The educational attainment of Indians is below national averages. (…) [and] alcoholism is a major threat to the survival of Indian culture as fewer traditional values and lifestyles are passed on to the youth in the society” (Johnson and Tomren 234).
We must look for a sociological cause for this high suicide rate, aside from the general label of “depression.” So, we can see that the young people in the Native American communities are not able to connect to their own heritage, but they cannot be truly integrated into American culture, either. This is a common situation for Native Americans today. Take, for example, the OregonLive.com news story of Marcus Luke, an American Indian who lives near the Umatilla Indian Reservation outside Pendleton, Oregon. Luke is married to a Caucasian woman, much to his derision from his family. 
However, in speaking of his son, who is subsequently half Native American, half Caucasian, he says in the article, “’It’s a touchy issue. It’s tough, really tough. (…) Too much assimilation is what it comes down to. My son is half Native American and half Caucasian. Which way does he go?’ Marcus Luke is among the Native Americans across the nation grappling with thorny issues of identity, culture and tribal resources” (Cockle 1).  
	This is a reflection on the entire situation that exists in the world of Native Americans. There is no connection; to be an American Indian is to be adrift. The only true connection is in the “circle” of one’s heritage, but even this circle is scattered and faded. Thus, this disconnection leads to suicide. In fact, it seems that every factor comes together, from every angle, to lead to suicide. 
	The 18th-century French sociologist Durkheim was a true pioneer in the field of Sociology, and did much work revolving around the “whys” of suicide. He concluded from his research that suicide can be categorized into four basic groups, based on its cause and relating to the victim’s social bonds. The four types are: egoistic, altruistic, anomic and fatalistic. Sometimes, there may be a contributing combination of these types, or they may stand alone.
	Egoistic suicide is the result of too few social bonds. That is, an egoistic suicide comes from feelings that one simply does not matter, and that nobody else would care if one lived or not. There is no support system of friends to help with hard times, and the victim feels as though they are alone. This feeling of disconnection ultimately culminates in the idea that one has no value or place in the world.
	Alternately, altruistic suicide is a result of too many social bonds, when the victim becomes so closely involved in a group that they lose their individuality and feel as though they don’t matter anymore. This could be when a soldier jumps on top of a grenade to save his comrades. 
