In other words, an altruistic suicide is intended to serve for the greater purpose of the larger unit. This may (perhaps) also be a way to create a connection with one’s closer group, if we look at the connotations of the definition.
	The third basis for suicide is anomic: that is, when a change occurs and a person feels as though they have been swept away, and are no longer anchored to stability in his/her life. This particular view is a bit harder to apply to the current situation on the reservations. There has been instability for hundreds of years; thus, it would not be accurate to describe any “sudden change.”
	Lastly, though, and most prevalently, there is significant evidence to support the suicides of Native American youth as having fatalistic roots. Fatalistic suicides come from a long-standing feeling that no matter how much one may try, things will never get better. The victims here are consistently victims – not only of suicide, ultimately, but of the state that their lives are in. It seems as though they could never improve themselves, but are instead doomed to a life of being in a broken state of affairs. Thus, it is likely that the deaths had their start in a continual hopelessness that culminated in the group’s self-release – tragically, by death.
	So then, we can easily see how the suicides that are occurring could be egoistic, altruistic, and fatalistic, all at the same time. It comes from a disconnection from culture – both our culture and theirs. “A host of issues are germane to suicide trends. These include data vital to the planning of intervention programs such as age groups most at risk, pattern variations among tribes, and common associate factors that include alcoholism, arrest careers, and interpersonal distress such as anomie, helplessness, hopelessness, and despair” (Johnson and Tomren, 234) Furthermore, “the Indian adolescent feels pressured to ‘make it’ in the non-Indian world because few are ‘making it’ in the reservation setting” (242). 
When we view all these issues in light of the cultural loss, and in the perspective of viewing the continuity of the circle in everything – wherein there is no beginning or end – and considering the cultural belief in a spiritual reconnection to one’s ancestors through death, we can agree that this act of self-ending may be an egoistic, altruistic, and fatalistic suicide.  But it is, in a broader sense, a functionalistic suicide – a way to become part of the culture, a part of the spirit, a part of the circle.
Let us consider for a moment that there is supposedly no beginning or end to the circle. Things have no solid beginning or end to them. Thus, a suicide would not really be the end of one’s life. Yet, the event is tragic nonetheless. Here, though, is where we must explore the possibilities.
Sometimes, as with the earlier story of the little girl drowning herself, there is no real “happy” ending to be found. Instead, we are forced to look for meaning in the continuity of the storyline. 
