Yes, the mother sprinkled her clothes, and butterflies appeared. But this is still not satisfying.
Suddenly, though, we are forced to realize that without the tragic event (the girl’s untimely demise) there would not have been a connection made. In today’s life, she would have just been another girl who grew old, became an alcoholic, and died lonely and forgotten on the reservation. She would not have become the butterflies, and there would have been no lasting connection to the community, to the wider culture.
Certainly, there is no justification for these tragic suicides. However, when we try to understand the social implications of these young American Indian people choosing to die, rather than face some alternative, we must think. With the dying culture, with the problems that exist around them, and with the feeling of being adrift from both societies… in their minds, could death be the only way to really connect?
	This “functionalistic suicide” may serve an added altruistic purpose. Just like the little girl who selfishly wanted the yashtoah and killed herself, the Native Americans of today want – and need – more. They need more attention, they need more social involvement, they need to be connected back into their heritage.
To fix the problem of disrepair and suicide, and the disastrous state of affairs on the country’s Native American reservations, everyone must work together to rebuild social bonds, certainly, but more importantly, to rebuild cultural bonds. 
How can this be done? A solution can come through reconnecting the youngest of Native American children with what their culture has to offer, and building a better sense of a revitalized community within the Native American circle. The Native People must continue to come together, quite literally, in order to solve this issue before them. Emile Durkheim addressed this fact himself, when writing about the effect of group density on suicide. He writes, “why does (…) density have this effect upon suicide? (…) It is (…) because the functioning of the family varies with its greater or less density, that the number of its component elements affects the suicidal tendency” (Durkheim 37).
	In other words, by reconnecting with what elements created one’s culture in the first place, the suicidal tendency is reduced drastically. There are numerous studies that have shown this to be true. In particular, “a common finding was that the more traditional the tribe and the more stable the Native religious traditions, clan, and extended family, the fewer the mental-health problems and the smaller the number of suicides” (Johnson and Tomren, 242).
	Fortunately, amidst all of the terrible statistics, there is hope to be found! In fact, some programs have even been started to revitalize the culture, especially for the younger Native American children. In fact, one of the best ways to connect these children with their cultural past is through the teaching and preservation of tribal languages, which are becoming extinct at an alarming rate. 
Michelle Nijhuis writes of a program to teach the Blackfoot tribal language to young Blackfoot children in the reservation schools. 
