	Jill H., a practicing attorney, was arrested on November 28, 2008 for driving under the influence (DUI).  An officer observed her in a parked car while its brake lights flashed on and off.  Ms. H turned the steering wheel left and right and moved inside the car so that it rocked.  With the key in auxiliary she operated the exterior lights, stereo and car heater.  After she exited the car, Ms. H “fell out and stumbled to get up.”  The officer asked if she was drunk.  She replied that she was.  Ms. H tested at .12 for blood alcohol level.  This was Ms. H’s third DUI arrest.  1) Can Ms. H be convicted of DUI for her November 28, 2008 arrest?  2) Does her conduct, along with two previous DUIs, rise to the level of moral turpitude?  3) If so, what discipline will she likely receive from the State Bar? 
BRIEF ANSWERS
	Ms. H will likely be convicted of DUI with conduct that rose to the level of moral turpitude, and be punished by the State Bar of California (the Bar).  1) Probably, yes.  Direct evidence shows Ms. H’s blood alcohol level of .12 exceeded the California Vehicle Code Section 23152(b) limit of .08.  Thus, she was “under the influence.”  Circumstantial evidence supports reasonable cause to believe that she may have driven the car.   2)  Probably, yes.  Ms. H’s actions affect public safety and her ability to represent the profession.  This approximates the nexus for moral turpitude.  3)  Ms. H will likely receive a punishment that requires alcohol abuse rehabilitation and suspension from practice.
FACTS
Joanne H was arrested for felony DUI in 1989.  Because she was only 17, the charge reduced to a misdemeanor.  The court convicted for DUI and suspended Ms. H’s driving license for six months, placed her on probation, and required 40 hours of community service.  Ms. H’s second felony DUI occurred in 2004 with a blood alcohol level of .081.  This charge also reduced to a misdemeanor.  She received three years of probation, a suspended driving license for six months, and 40 hours of community service.  Ms. H disclosed this 2004 conviction during her Moral Character review and gained admission to the State Bar in 2006. 
On November 28, 2008, Ms. H was arrested a third time for DUI.  She was legally intoxicated while parked outside a party at a friend’s house.  Ms. H left the party with a friend to listen to music in her car.  She turned the car key to auxiliary and thus engaged the car’s exterior lights.  She also tapped the brake pedal, causing the brake lights to flash off and on.  Additionally, she operated the heater and stereo while she rocked to the music.  Her rocking was strong enough to rock the car.  After a peace officer investigated, Joanne tried to exit the car but fell out and stumbled to get up.  The officer asked if she was intoxicated and she said she was.  Her blood alcohol test result was .12. 
