She was arrested for DUI.
After Ms. H’s 2008 arrest, she reported her conduct to the California State Bar (the Bar).  The Bar found that the totality of circumstances rose to the level of moral turpitude and preliminarily suggested suspension for 24 months, five years of probation, attendance in a CLE alcohol abuse class, and participation in a 30-day outpatient alcohol program.
  This paper will discuss the possible outcome of Ms. H’s 2008 DUI arrest, the claim that her conduct involved moral turpitude, and likely punishment. 
DISCUSSION
This memo first discusses the two elements needed for a conviction of DUI, intoxication and driving.  Next, it analyzes the nexus of conduct that constitutes moral turpitude.  Finally, it explores what punishment may result.
	•	Direct evidence established “intoxication" and circumstantial evidence established “driving.”

	•	Direct evidence established “intoxication.”
The first element is satisfied because Ms. H’s blood alcohol level of .12 indicated that she was “under the influence.” (Decl. Joanne H ¶ 25 (Dec 1, 2008)  The legal limit for blood alcohol level is .08 under California Vehicle Code § 23152 (b).  Ms. H’s blood alcohol test exceeded this limit.  Therefore, she was under the influence of alcohol.
	•	Circumstantial evidence created reasonable cause to support “driving.”
The second element may be satisfied because Ms. H’s conduct provided circumstantial evidence that fits the definition of “driving.” The definition of “driving” includes any act necessary to operate, control and direct the course of a car (circumstantial “driving” was found in People v. Trapane, 1 Cal. App. 4th Supp. 10 (1991), where defendant was “seated in the driver's seat, the hood was hot, the engine and lights were on, the keys were in the ignition”). 
This element may not be met if a strict interpretation of driving is applied.  In Music v. DMV, (221 Cal. App. 3d 841 (1990) the California Appellate Court ruled that driving must occur in the presence of the arresting officer.  In Music, the defendant was asleep in his parked truck with the motor running.  When awakened and asked to turn off the engine he tried to find the keys and touched the gear shift.  The court ruled that this circumstantial evidence regarding “driving” did not support a DUI arrest because the officer did not see the defendant driving the car. 
However, People v. Wilson (176 Cal. App. 3d Supp. 1 (1985) acknowledged circumstantial evidence that supported a DUI arrest.  Under Penal Code § 836 subd.1, an officer may make an arrest if there is reasonable cause to believe that a misdemeanor is being committed in their presence.  In Wilson, the intoxicated defendant was asleep in his parked car with the lights on.  The court reasoned that there was “…no requirement that a conviction for driving under the influence be predicated on ‘slight movement’…”.  Thus, the appellate court affirmed the lower court’s assertion that a DUI arrest is proper even when there is no volitional movement of the car.
Ms. H’s case is similar to Music in that neither vehicle moved forward or backward in the presence of the officer.  
