However, in Music, the driver was seen to touch the gear shift.  This implied to the officer that the driver might try to move the car.  The court did not find this to be a compelling indication that the defendant was “driving.” This may indicate that a court might rule that there was no DUI when a car is not under volitional control.  Conversely, in Wilson, circumstantial evidence justified reasonable cause for an officer to believe a defendant may have been driving while intoxicated.  Both Wilson and Ms. H were intoxicated while parked in their cars with the lights on. By inference, circumstantial evidence led both arresting officers to reason that the driver may have driven while intoxicated. This established the necessary element to convict with a DUI.
The DUI laws fulfill a public policy goal to protect people from intoxicated drivers.  Intoxicated driving may be inferred where circumstantial evidence establishes control and potential movement of a vehicle.  In balance, I believe Ms. H’s case will provide sufficient circumstantial evidence to convict for DUI.
	•	The nexus of conduct that threatens public safety and professionalism determines moral turpitude.
Based on a totality of circumstances, Ms. H’s conduct likely rose to the level of moral turpitude.  Under the California Business and Professional Code 6101 and 6106 the State Bar of California can determine if moral turpitude is involved with a crime and recommend punishment.  Actions constitute moral turpitude when there is a nexus between a lawyer’s conduct, their ability to represent the profession, and public safety.
Moral turpitude was not established in the case of In re Kelley (52 Cal. 3d 487 (1990).  In this case, an attorney had two convictions for DUI.  The second occurred during her probation for the first.  Mitigating factors included prior rehabilitation efforts, community work, social standing and regard in the legal community.  The court identified its test for moral turpitude:
“Convictions for drunk driving … do not per se establish moral turpitude. …if moral turpitude exists ... it must be based on the particular circumstances surrounding the conviction.”
The court in Kelley independently approved the review board’s recommendation that the nexus of factual circumstances did not approximate moral turpitude.  
	The totality of circumstances in In re Calaway (570 P.2d 1223, Cal. 1977) did rise to the level of moral turpitude. Here, an attorney acted as advisor and beneficiary of an illegal gambling operation.  The Supreme Court spotlighted an important aspect of the public policy on moral turpitude:
“The concept of moral turpitude depends upon the state of public morals, and may vary according to the community or the times …”
The court in In re Calaway maintained that the sole function of moral turpitude standards is to protect the public, the courts, and the profession.
	Ms. H’s case is similar to Kelley in that they were both convicted of two DUIs.  The Kelley case is distinguished in that she violated an active probation when the second DUI occurred.  However, the court may consider Ms. H’s history of arrests (occurring over twenty years) to be significant. 
