It may indicate a problem that Ms. H is unwilling to acknowledge or rehabilitate.  In Ms. H’s case, the arrests were felonies that only later reduced to misdemeanors based on mitigating factors.  Those mitigating factors of age and clean record have likely lost their import.
	Ms. H’s conduct appears to be closer to the nexus found in In re Calaway.  In that case, moral turpitude was attached to criminal behavior where potential harm to public and profession was found.  Calaway did not see how his conduct was criminal, nor how it might impact the public.  This is similar to Ms. H’s assertion that she does not have a problem with alcohol or driving while intoxicated. 
	In balance, I believe the court will independently affirm that Ms. H’s conduct is at odds with the current “state of public morals …” and has the potential for public harm.  Thus, I expect the court would uphold the Bar’s judgment that Ms. H’s conduct involved moral turpitude.  The court will likely affirm the Bar’s recommended punishment.
	•	Punishment for crimes that involve moral turpitude. 
The State Bar of California will likely prevail, at least in part, in its recommendation that Ms. H’s conduct be punished.  Also, under California Business and Professions Code 6100 et. seq., the Supreme Court may disbar or suspend attorneys who are convicted of crimes involving moral turpitude.
Where moral turpitude is not involved, punishment may be light.  This is true of In re Respondent I (2 Cal. State Bar Ct. Rptr. 260 (1993) where moral turpitude was not established.  In this case an attorney was arrested for two DUIs while on voluntary inactive status in another state.  In the first DUI arrest, the defendant was pulled over for erratic driving while under the influence.  In the second arrest, he rear-ended another car while intoxicated and sustained injuries.  However, the defendant in In re Respondent subsequently served jail time and rehabilitated himself.   For this reason, the court found no basis to impose further punishment.
Even where conduct does not involve moral turpitude, punishment by the Bar and court may still result.  This is shown in In re Carr (46 Cal. 3d 1089 (1988) where a defendant lawyer served jail time for two previous DUI convictions that did not involve moral turpitude.  Even so, the court found that his conduct required punishment and ordered two years of suspension, five years of probation, proficiency on the Professional Responsibility Examination, proof of rehabilitation, fitness to practice, learning and ability in the law.  Additionally, the court supported “all further punishment” alluded to in a Review Department finding.  Thus, establishing moral turpitude for a crime is not necessary to justify the Bar or court in requiring punishment for that crime.
Ms. H’s case is distinguished from In re Respondent, where no punishment beyond already-served jail time was recommended.  In that case, the defendant rested further from the nexus of impacting negatively on his profession.  This is because he was not employed as an attorney at the time of his DUI arrests.  
