Although the court did not wish to impart further punishment, it did independently affirm the Bar’s recommendations for discipline.
Ms. H’s case is similar to In re Carr in the level of punishment advised by the Bar.  In addition, the Bar has stated that her conduct rose to the level of moral turpitude.  This opinion results from the nexus between her conduct, the public safety, and her ability to represent the profession.  Thus, the court, after independently assessing whether moral turpitude exists, will likely give great weight to the Bar’s determination. In balance, I think the court will support the Bar’s contention that moral turpitude was involved in her crime. Further, the court is likely to follow their recommendations for punishment.
CONCLUSION
Ms. H was legally intoxicated.  Circumstantial evidence supports the possibility that she was “driving.”  This is enough to convict for DUI.  Furthermore, her actions put the public and the profession at risk.  This shows an element of moral turpitude was involved.  And, Ms. H does not accept responsibility for her conduct.    
I recommend that the Bar pursue its punishment of Ms. H.  It is reasonable to believe that Ms. H could successfully complete rehabilitation and return to productive work on behalf of the public and the profession.  Thus, two years of probation should follow a suspension of three months, during which time successful completion of an alcohol related CLE and rehabilitation program should occur.  This punishment serves to give notice to Ms. H that her conduct is considered to be a serious problem.  It also allows Ms. H to rectify that problem.
Under the Washington Recreational Use Statute, will the court likely grant The County’s motion for summary judgment based on a condition considered to be obvious as a matter of law, when a Lewis Park recreational user in-line skated and fell to her death on rocks at the bottom of a 15-foot stairway after skating a sharp turn behind a wall that obscured the path’s condition where it changed from blacktop to a short gravel path that led to the stairs and rocks?
BRIEF ANSWER
	The County must show that only one conclusion is possible with regard to the injury causing condition of gravel, stairs and rocks, obscured to west-bound users by a three-foot high wall; that it is obvious to the general class of recreational users, and that Ms. R was in that class of users.  Though it is likely that the class of pedestrian users would find the condition obvious, issues remain as to whether Ms. R is in a recognized subset of wheel-based users, and whether obstruction to the point-of-view in the approach of the trail she took may contribute to a condition’s classification as latent.  These issues over classification of users, and elements that may determine latency, would likely result in a denial of summary judgment.
FACTS
On August 26, 2008, Jill R had dinner with a friend, Sherry P, at a local pub and then went with her to in-line skate at L Park, a free-to-the-public recreation area owned by The County in Washington, which neither woman had skated before.  
