They parked in a lot north of the trail and in-line skated south from there on The County’s “Coast Walk” trail until then reached an intersection with the county’s “North Loop Trail.”  The North Loop Trail slopes west and then south along the ocean shore.  They paused at the intersection to choose which direction to continue. 
The only sign located within 300 feet of the intersection had no words or symbols posted on the side that was visible to their northern position.  Sherry stated that, from the intersection, they could see down the North Loop Trail to a low stone wall at the western end of the leg.  At that point, the blacktop trail turned sharply left behind the three-foot-high wall, and out of sight behind it.  Jill, an experienced in-line skater, decided to travel down the county’s North Loop Trail.
The slope of the path was moderate, and Jill maintained a speed that she ordinarily used on in-line skates.  When she reached the low wall and turned sharply left and south behind it, she would have encountered the change in the condition of the trail from blacktop to gravel, which quickly lead to a 15-foot-deep stairway.  A number of large rocks flanked the bottom of the stairs. Jill died after she fell off the stairs and hit those rocks.
This memo addresses the likely outcome of The County’s motion for summary judgment on claim that the condition described above was obvious as a matter of law.
DISCUSSION
The Washington Recreational Use Statute, RCW 4.24.210(1), is designed to encourage landowners to allow their land to be used for public recreation by granting immunity from premises liability when unintentional injuries occur to recreational users.  Section 4.24.210 (4) of the statute designates an exception to this immunity when the injury results from a known dangerous, artificial, latent condition, and in such case where those elements are each present, where there is also a lack of conspicuous warning signs. 
A “condition” is defined by case law as an artificial object or structure that causes injury, including its placement within its surroundings as it appears to the general class of users (Van Dinter v. The City of Kennewick, 846 P.2d 522, 526 (1993); Ravenscroft v. The Washington Water Power Co., 969 P.2d 75, 82 (1998); Tennyson v. Plum Creek Timber Co., 872 P.2d 524, 526 (1994).  The condition in this case, rocks obscured below and behind a wall, is likely a known, dangerous, and artificial condition as a matter of law.  What remains at question is latency, which requires that the injury-causing condition is hidden to the general class of users.   Id.
Summary judgment in favor of the county will not be appropriate if there is a sustainable issue over whether the injury-causing condition may be latent.  Thus, the County must show that the condition of the rocks, situated unexpectedly below the gravel and stairs hidden from view behind a low wall, is obvious to users.  
