However, issues that may impede summary judgment in favor of the county include whether Jill R is part of a known subclass of first-time wheel-bound users where point of view is obstructed in a particular approach, and whether those unique elements may contribute to or cause a condition to be latent per se. 
Although the County will assert that summary judgment is appropriate because the condition is obvious to the general class of users, there is evidence to support a finding that latency may be an issue to be resolved by a trier of fact.
The condition’s obscured position behind a low wall will likely outweigh the county’s assertion that the condition is obvious to the general class of users as a matter of law.  To find that a known, dangerous, artificial condition which has injured a user is obvious, its injury causing element and its placement in proximity to surrounding areas, must be obvious to others using the same site.  Id.  However, Jill is likely to be categorized as part of a known subclass of wheel-based users who encounter no visible warning signs on their route, and who approach the condition for the first time through an established route that has an obstructed-view of the condition.  This will likely impact the court’s analysis of whether the condition meets the test of being obvious and not latent as is required by statute.
According to case law, an injury-causing condition is not latent when it is obvious to users based on its proximity to its surroundings.  Van Dinter, 846 P.2d at 526.  In Van Dintner, the court found the injury-causing condition of a protruding piece of playground equipment was in close visual proximity to the adjacent grassy play area and so was obvious and not hidden from view to users of that grassy area.  Injury occurred when a user on the grassy area turned and ran, without noticing the condition, and collided with it.  The discoverability of the condition to both him and other users in the same area meant that it was not latent.  Thus, the court could only conclude that the condition was obvious and supported a finding of immunity for the owner.  Id.
An injury-causing condition is latent when it is not obvious to users based on its proximity with its surroundings.  Ravenscroft, 969 P.2d at 82. Latency was at issue where an injury-causing condition, hidden from view by its surroundings in Ravenscroft, caused injury to a recreational user.  The court held that a submerged tree stump, hidden from view under water in the middle of a county-owned recreational boating channel regulated by means of a dam, was not obvious to a particular user.  Id. at 83.  The plaintiff’s injury occurred after the boat he was riding in hit the submerged stump and spun the engine up over the back of the boat, hitting him on the head and shoulder.  Dissenting opinion, while not questioning the latency of the stump, noted that users could anticipate obscured elements as part of conditions found in areas that include natural features.  
