Id. at 89.  Based solely on a determination of the artificial stump’s latency, however, the court determined that “The record does not support a conclusion that the submerged [stump] … [was] obvious or visible as a matter of law.”  Id. at 83.  For this reason, the court denied the recreational land owner’s request for summary judgment.  Id.
An injury-causing condition is not latent when it is discoverable to the general class of users based on its proximity with its total surroundings.  Tennyson, 872 P.2d at 526.  Latency was again at issue where an injury-causing condition, hidden from view by one approach, caused injury to a recreational user in Tennyson.  The court held that a gravel mound in a 3,000 acre public-use area, created and then partially excavated by artificial means, with the excavation still hidden in one approach of the mound, was obvious to the general class of wheeled park users.  Id.
The plaintiff’s injury occurred after he rode his motorcycle up the only approach to the top of the mound left intact and then unexpectedly broke through the upper rim of the excavation.  The condition of the excavation, hidden from view by the approach he had taken, was visible to users who viewed the mound from any other direction.  The court ruled that the condition was obvious because the plaintiff failed to discover the condition by not using the alternate routes to check the condition.  Id.  Dissenting opinion, while not questioning the obviousness of the excavation to users who approached the mound by routes facing one of its excavated sides, noted that first-time users taking the plaintiff’s approach would not have had been alerted them to its existence.  Id. at 530.
The court in Tennyson determined that “…a particular recreational user’s failure to discover a condition has no bearing on whether the condition is latent.”  Id. at 527.  The state of a condition, they argued, does not change due to a lack of discovery.  Their decision, based on the idea that the excavated condition was readily apparent to the general class of repeat wheeled recreational users, and the plaintiff’s fit with that general class, rendered the obviousness of the condition appropriate to granting summary judgment.  Id.
To determine whether The County will likely be successful in their motion for summary judgment, an important consideration remains in the court’s analysis of the condition in The County’s park.  That consideration calls into question whether an otherwise obvious condition may be latent if the means or approach used by a subcategory of first-time users hinders the otherwise expected and safe discovery of the condition.  It is possible that obscuring features that hide the presence of a condition along a particular path render the condition latent per se to some subcategories of first-time users.
The rocks at the bottom of the stairs are not visible to users at the intersection of Coast Walk and North  Loop Trail.  Unlike the protruding playground equipment in Van Dinter, the rocks were not part of the immediately surrounding area, and were not inferable from characteristics visible from the intersection.  
