Ms. R did not have the opportunity or ability to perceive the condition prior to making her decision to take the North  Loop Trail for the first time, nor were they any hints that the condition of the trail would change after turning sharply south behind the wall that obstructed her view.
Instead, the hidden nature of the rocks is more like the submerged stumps that caused injury to the Ravenscroft boater.  Both the water and the wall hid view of the condition, and both were undiscovered conditions that were not obvious to the eye.  It is that distinction, obviousness to the eye, rather than a condition’s potential obviousness within the mind, that is the controlling factor.  Visual apprehension is readily ascertainable – mental apprehension is not.  Determination of latency rests on the condition as apprehended by the senses, rather than by the mind-set, of a beholder. 
Like Tennyson, Ms. R had to choose a particular path to take in order to progress through The County’s trail system.  In neither case did plaintiffs have any landscape markers to indicate that the condition ahead existed, nor any visible warning signs to caution them.  Both took an established path that led to a condition that was neither visible at their point of departure, nor during transit to the condition. 
For these reasons, the rocks in The Park’s North Loop Trail can be considered latent to a subclass of first-time users who approach by the intersection which presents an obscuring viewpoint, and has no visible warning to the user that the condition will change after it proceeds around a sharp turn behind the wall.
CONCLUSION
The County demonstrated an awareness of a subclass of wheel-based users with its southward facing sign at the intersection of the North  Loop Trail, and the latency of the condition is confirmed through an analysis that fits with prior case law.  The condition was not visible to Ms. R in the area where the decision was made to to embark upon the trail, the condition was further hidden to her during approach by an intervening and obscuring wall, and the path to the westbound North  Loop Trail had no warning signs for first-time users visible via the  direction she entered.  It could even be argued that the county’s knowledge of the latent condition of the rocks, as demonstrated through its warning sign visible to north-bound bicyclists, calls into question a possibly unidentified bias the county followed in its placement of signs so that only first-time users who parked in the county’s southern lot would be ensured safe usage of the North Loop Trail.  Ultimately, the latent condition of the rocks calls into question whether it is appropriate for the court to grant summary judgment to the county under the WRUS statute.  I believe for the reasons presented above that it is not.
I visited the Appellate District Court. The court is housed in two buildings. One building holds the clerk’s office and a talking library. 
