The other building houses the appellate court’s chambers, courtroom, library and offices. I requested and reviewed a civil case at the clerk’s offic3. The case file contained the transcript of a defamation suit tried and decided for respondent in the lower court (July 28, 2008). It also contained opening briefs and appendixes for appeal (December 5, 2008). The appellate court judge distinguished the defamation matter through case law and reversed the lower court decision.
	I then visited the building with the appellate court and law library. I was not allowed to visit the floors of the court building that contained offices. At 2 p.m. I attended oral arguments for a combined case. The attorneys presented a review of each of their client’s arguments at the lower court, and put forth additional legal support to forward their appellate case. The judges helped both attorneys to focus their arguments and legal reasoning. The attorneys were allotted 30-minutes on each side to accommodate reviews of lower court facts and to make clarifications to the new legal claims being made. 
The attorney’s were equally effective. Both were questioned throughout their statements to clarify legal reasoning on the case. The appellant lawyer brought forth statutes that were not applicable to the case. He noted that he needed to be more focused. The respondent lawyer introduced new case law, but was admonished that it was introduced so late and was not on point. I do not know the outcome of the case as there is not yet a disposition on-line: 
	All of the judges were very active, answering nearly every statement by the lawyers with questions, corrections, legal relevance and restatements of the arguments. The case concerned a construction loan by a Bank granted on an illusory promise to a construction company that later defaulted. Respondent was a replacement sub-contractor to another company on the original loan. The Bank failed to timely secure respondent’s signature on a completion guarantee when he agreed to take on the unfinished construction work and sued him for the balance of the loan. The bank’s lawyer argued that a contract was formed when respondent received consideration (in the form of his work as a replacement sub-contractor). The judges noted that consideration for taking on work not done by the defaulting company does not technically meet the requirement of “consideration”. 
	If I were a judge on the case I would rule for the respondent. He won a judgment in the lower courts that would compensate him for the work he completed.  It appeared that the bank was hoping to find statutory grounds to prove that his (currently unpaid) consideration created a contract in which he was liable for the loan monies granted to the defaulting contracting company. However, the bank may have to begin and end their search for lost loan monies through the original construction company, rather than with this secondary sub-contractor. 
Letter to the Editor,
I must admit my part in the current economic crash. 
