It is true I was not alive when the seeds of balloon mortgage crashes were sown in the early 1900s. However, I was “there” during an economic downslide that foreshadowed the present, and I did nothing to help prevent it from happening again.
A smaller mortgage crisis in the 1970-80s caused the loss of many homes, when Adjustable Rate Mortgage schemes were “new.” The fallout hit hardest in working-class families who were, for the first time, welcomed into the mortgage pool in large numbers.  
Therefore, the issue I take with Dale K’s article is his analysis from the founder of 1st National Home Loans, that, “Essentially, we're not playing with the same road map here. This is a different downturn than ever before." 
In mortgage-crisis timelines generated for public record, we know that this is not true. Speculative balloon-payment mortgages were re-exploited and targeted toward ever more vulnerable markets. Perhaps Mr. K would shed light on how ordinary people can ensure this never happens again. We need affordable mortgages for housing; but we also need to learn about regulating the industries that proffer and profit from it.
Owners of unusual vehicles owe a duty to secure them when they are not in use since they can present a great risk of danger to the community.  Mr. W will likely be able to recover damages in a negligence action against U-Move, Inc., and its owners Eric F and Allison F, if the court determines that their unsecured 26-foot rental van fits the definition of an “unusual” vehicle. Common law defines this as being large, uncommon, dangerous, enticing, heavy, or imbued with other characteristics that make a vehicle attractive to meddlers as well as being capable of creating enormous harm during operation. The unsecured van stolen from U-Move that injured Mr. W was large enough to deem it both uncommon and foreseeably dangerous.
Owners of common cars do not owe a legal duty to protect others from third-party theft and misuse, nor are they liable for injuries that may result. In Richards v. Stanley, page 5, the court considered whether the owners of an automobile, stolen and crashed into another vehicle, were liable for damages due to negligence.  The owners left their car keys in the unlocked and unattended vehicle while they were absent. The court ruled that the owners were not negligent because normal passenger vehicles do not create a foreseeable risk of theft or misuse and their operation is common to most drivers. For these reasons, the court held that the defendant owners were not liable for the damages caused by their stolen car.
Negligence attaches when there is a foreseeable hazard of intentional misconduct from third party theft and misuse of an unusual vehicle. Thus, in Hergenrether v. East, page 14, the court ruled that owners of a large truck, stolen and crashed into another vehicle, were liable for damages due to negligence.  The owners left their car keys in the unlocked and unattended vehicle while they were absent for long periods. 
