I 
UNDERSTANDING THE AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT
“It is important to remember that the Act can only offer opportunities!” 
– AGOA Implementation Guide. October 2000, p. 4
It is imperative to contextualize the African Growth and Opportunity Act before analyzing the dimensions leading to its passage. Therefore this chapter will do the following: I) focus on tracing the progress of AGOA; II) provide details of the legislation; and finally III) present the case for opposition to AGOA. This will lay the foundation for an argument that can accurately address why AGOA was passed. The chapter will begin with a brief description of the political climate that led to the proposition of AGOA; further detail will frame later chapters and provide a more complete picture. This history serves to explain the Congressional seesaw that the bill rode before it was passed in 2000. The chapter will then focus on providing a more complete summary of AGOA, detailing how African countries were expected to implement the eligibility requirements and trade provisions within the bill. Finally, in order to explain the full picture, this chapter will address the dissenting views on AGOA; the position that the bill was a dual threat to both United States and African interests. 
LEGISLATIVE HISTORY
On May 18, 2000 President William J. Clinton, accompanied by members of the U.S. House of Representatives and various SSA leaders signed into law the most significant trade bill in the history of U.S. trade relations with the region. First proposed in 1996, the African Growth and Opportunity Act finally passed both houses with bi-partisan support in November 1999. The passage of this act represented a six-year effort to promote the expansion of the U.S./sub-Saharan African trade relationship. 
	The journey began in 1993, when the Clinton administration’s policies toward sub-Saharan Africa were focused primarily around Operation Restore Hope, a George Bush initiative that was implemented in December 1992 to bring relief to the Somali people who had found themselves ravaged by a seemingly endless civil war and famine. The object of Operation Restore Hope was to rapidly secure the trade routes in Somalia so that food could get to the people with promises of a quick entrance and exit. Eleven months later, Clinton was forced to abandon this position when on October 3, 1993 eighteen U.S. Marines were killed in the Somali capital of Mogadishu. The deaths of the Marines added fire to a national debate in which many questioned the merit of any political activities in the region.   
	Despite this failure, the president periodically continued to express interest in Africa. Early in 1994, Clinton remarked to a group of journalists, “I think that the United States, frankly, has not…paid as much attention to Africa as it should have.” That summer, the administration backed the president’s resolve to engage sub-Saharan Africa when it organized a two-day White House Conference on Africa held June 26-27. The objective of the meeting was to formulate a comprehensive policy towards the region that was based on mutual interests. 
