This was in contrast to previous policies that approached African nations on an individual basis. Vice President Al Gore attended throughout with Clinton addressing the conference at its conclusion. 
In February of 1996 the Clinton administration submitted its first annual report on trade and development policy for Africa. Later that year, the Clinton administration proposed legislation to improve U.S.-Africa economic relations. A bipartisan congressional African Trade and Investment Caucus was formed to review the President’s policy document and to initiate a broader discussion on the President’s first annual report on trade and development policy toward Africa. The work of the caucus led to the introduction of the African Growth and Opportunity: End of Dependency Act of 1996 (H.R. 4198) Sponsored by Representatives Phil Crane (R-IL), Charles Rangel (D-NY), and Jim McDermott (D-WA). Unfortunately, no action was taken on the bill before the end of the 104th Congress and it died in committee as the bill went largely unsupported by Clinton through his presidential bid. After the elections Clinton did return his attention to African issues, and dedicated himself to fight for AGOA. 
The beginning of Clinton’s second term was marked by a very active State Department headed by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright. Among her first year activities, Secretary Albright took a seven-day tour of Africa through the Democratic Republic of Congo (Congo-Kinshasa), Ethiopia, Uganda, Rwanda, South Africa, and Zimbabwe. Furthermore on April 24, 1997 the House of Representatives reintroduced AGOA for discussion. Lobbying hard for the AGOA legislation, after nearly a year of hearings and political maneuvering, the House of Representatives voted on the bill March 11, 1998. Changing the title to the African Growth and Opportunity Act (H.R. 1432), it achieved bi-partisan support and passed with a vote of 233-186. Around the same time the Clinton administration was responsible for initiating a new era in U.S.-African relations. 
In March 1998, Clinton took an eleven-day tour of Africa that took him through Botswana, Ghana, Rwanda, Senegal, South Africa, and Uganda. Unlike sending the First Lady or Secretary of State, his trip sent a message to the rest of the world. It indicated a genuine concern for African nations and their relations with the United States. During the trip the president forcefully reiterated his key themes; the need for improved security, political reform, and economic liberalization, as well as continued aid to support social development (but aid was dropping). He also stressed the need for free markets and increased trade with the United States lobbying specifically for Senate support of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. But the president’s rhetoric was unable to rally the support needed and H.R. 1432 ultimately died in the Senate. Success for AGOA finally came in 1999.
In February of 1999 Representative Crane, Rangel, McDermott and a substantially larger list of cosponsors reintroduced the AGOA legislation (H.R. 434). On July 16 the House approved H.R. 434 by a vote of 234-163. In the Senate, a comparable bill that had been approved by the Finance Committee was folded into a package of trade bills and offered as a “manager’s amendment to H.R. 434. 
