This amended package was approved on November 3, 1999. But the Senate version differed greatly from the House version and included numerous additional measures. Most notably, the Senate version introduced trade benefits that were extended for Caribbean Basin countries and reauthorized the trade adjustment assistance and GSP programs. On May 4th, 2000, the House approved the conference version of H.R. 434 (The Trade and Development Act of 2000) by a vote of 309-110. Six days later, the Senate approved the same legislation by a vote of 77-19. With the bill past both houses of Congress, the remaining hurdle was President Bill Clinton.
DETAILS OF THE LEGISLATION
The African Growth and Opportunity Act (Title I, P.L. 106-200) supported the liberalization of African economies and democratization of African governments. It authorized a new U.S. trade and investment policy toward sub-Saharan Africa with a goal of transforming trade relations through increased trade, investment and economic cooperation between the United States and eligible countries in the region. AGOA has been amended three times since it was first passed in 2000 (2002, 2004, 2006). While the core qualities of AGOA still exist, each change has shifted the legislation slightly enough so that the present version is not equivalent to the one passed eight years ago. AGOA II increased the quota cap on textiles, AGOA III expanded the list of duty-free items and AGOA IV extended the life of the PTA. Due to the differences between AGOA and subsequent amended versions, this section will focus entirely on the provisions and requirements that were included in 2000.
Prior to AGOA, forty-eight sub-Saharan African countries were granted preferential access to the U.S. market for a range of exports under the GSP. In 2000, the GSP covered about $4 billion of Africa’s total exports of $23 billion. The margin of preference, the advantage faced by African exporters compared with other most-favored nation (MFN) suppliers, was about five percent (the average MFN tariff rate). AGOA represents many advances over the GSP scheme for countries in sub-Saharan Africa. First, the existing preferential access under the GSP scheme for SSA countries was extended. GSP provisions were scheduled to expire in 2006 for other beneficiary countries, but AGOA-eligible countries were granted a 2-year extension of these provisions (until September 2008). Second, GSP benefits were capped in other beneficiary countries outside SSA, but are not subject to ceiling in AGOA beneficiary countries. Generally, a cap indicates the maximum volume of a given product (from a specific country or region) that is allowed to enter US markets under preferential terms. Out-of quota tariffs apply once the cap is filled. For example, in the case of textiles and apparel (see below), AGOA specifies only one cap for the whole Sub-Saharan African region. Lastly, AGOA expanded the range of products granted with preferential access to include: petroleum products; apparel products; and a range of other agriculture and industrial products. In all, beneficiary countries were granted duty-free access to more than 1800 tariff line products. 
