This was in addition to the standard GSP list of approximately 4600 products available to other GSP beneficiary countries outside Africa. The commodities included in the first set of provisions were food items (600+ tariff lines), petroleum products (20 tariff lines), minerals and manufacturing (700+ tariff lines), Agricultural commodities, and other nonagricultural products.
The main purposes of AGOA were the promotion of increased trade and investment between the United States and SSA countries, economic development, political reform, and increased access and opportunities for U.S. investors and businesses in sub-Saharan Africa. The following information provides a summary of the provisions and benefits of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
ELIGIBILITY - Eligibility for AGOA was based on the eligibility requirements for GSP which, established in 1976, included the following: I) the country must not be a communist country or dominated by international communism, unless under “Normal Trade Relations” treatment. And the country must be a member of GATT and the IMF; II) the country is not party to an arrangement of countries that disrupts the world economy through withholding commodities; III) the country will not adversely affect U.S. commerce; IV) the country will not infringe on U.S. property without compensation; V) is taking steps to afford internationally recognized worker rights; and VI) does not aid or abet international terrorism. AGOA added to these provisions with new criteria that included the following: I) the country must have established or be in the process of establishing a market based economy, the rule of law, elimination of barriers to U.S. trade and investment, economic policies to reduce poverty, the protection of internationally recognized worker rights, and a system to combat corruption; II) the country must not engage in activities that undermine U.S. national security or foreign policy; III) the country must not provide support for acts of international terrorism; IV) the country must have implemented the commitments to eliminate the worst forms of child labor. On October 2, 2000 President Bill Clinton signed a proclamation designating thirty-four SSA countries eligible for the AGOA trade benefits. In addition, twenty-eight of the countries were designated as lesser-developed beneficiaries.
RULES OF ORIGIN - The GSP rules of origin require that a product be the “growth, product or manufacture” of a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country and must be imported directly from the beneficiary country into the United States. In addition, the provisions state that the value/cost of materials produced in the beneficiary country, or collection of beneficiary countries, must equal at least thirty-five percent of the appraised value of the product. AGOA differed in allowing U.S. materials to count towards the 35 percent quota. Countries were forced to establish effective visa systems to prevent illegal transshipment and use of counterfeit documentation.
TEXTILES AND APPAREL - One of the more important provisions dealt with the export of textiles and apparel; items that had received relatively high U.S. import tariffs. Requirements for this benefit were much more strict than other items and came with the rules of origin restrictions. 
