The Act granted duty free access (through September 2004) for countries with least developed status that exported apparel assembled in their countries using imported regional fabrics.  The exceptions included fabrics and yarns were not imported as a part of finished apparel products. Additionally, sub-Saharan countries were restricted in the use of their own fabrics in apparel production.  Countries could only export a capped percentage of apparel using their own fabric duty free (1.5 percent of all U.S. apparel imports). The quota was built to increase each year, but not exceed 3.5 percent of apparel imports by the expiration of the act. The apparel cap is measured in square meter equivalents, not in monetary term. This cap is filled on the “first come, first served” basis. Thus, countries having a well-implanted infrastructure for apparel exports stand a better chance to benefit from this cap than other AGOA beneficiary countries with underdeveloped infrastructure. Additionally, the Secretary of Commerce was tasked with monitoring apparel imports on a monthly basis to guard against surges. If increased imports had threatened  damage to the U.S. apparel industry, the President had the right to suspend duty-free treatment for the articles in question.
LESSER DEVELOPED BENEFICIARY COUNTRIES – Forty-two countries in sub-Saharan fell below the specified Gross National Product (GNP) level and qualified as a Lesser Developed Beneficiary Country (LDBC) under AGOA. Defined at under $1500 GNP in 1998, countries with LDBC had no cap on their apparel exports and less strict rules of origin. Countries with least developed status were allowed to use fabrics of any origin in the assembly of apparel. This benefit to LDBCs was set to expire in 2004.
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS – The act-contained a series of additional provisions that varied greatly in their contribution to African countries. First, efforts were to be made to establish equity and infrastructure funds under the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) to finance U.S. private investment in Africa. Second, the president was encouraged to begin negotiating one or more trade agreements with African countries aimed at creating a U.S.-Africa free trade area. Along these lines, a U.S.-Africa trade and economic cooperation forum was created with the purpose of discussing trade issues related to U.S. and African interests. The position of Assistant U.S. Trade Representative within the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative was created. Finally, the United States was set to pursue debt relief by writing off concessionary loans made by the U.S. to the poorest African countries.
OPPOSITION TO AGOA
Prior to the passage of AGOA, trade performance in sub-Saharan Africa had been characterized by weak export growth, declining trade shares in the global market, and low foreign investment levels. AGOA provided the access to the market by building on existing U.S. trade programs and expanding the (duty-free) benefits previously available only under the GSP. Supporters contested that the creation of a market where African countries could experience a degree of comparative advantage was a necessity for growth on the continent. 
