But many opponents rose to argue against the development measures that came to form the crux of U.S. foreign policy in Africa. The strongest voices came from the African-American leaders in Congress who expressed a high-level of dissatisfaction with the Clinton administration’s policies in Africa. 
African-American opponents staged Well-publicized protests against the administration, supported by TransAfrica and many members of the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC). In 1994 these groups were sufficiently unhappy with Clinton that they boycotted the 1994 White House Conference on Africa. When the African Growth and Opportunity Act was presented, the CBC refused to take an official stance on it, and over thirty percent of its members voted against the act in the House of Representatives. In fact there was a high level of dissension and disapproval among African American leaders in Congress. They applauded the efforts that the United States was making in finally accepting a role of responsibility in Africa, but believed that AGOA was not the proper course of action. 
Numerous other dissenting opinions joined the CBC in attacking AGOA but for various reasons. Some Congressmen had domestic interests and viewed AGOA as a threat to U.S. apparel and textile industries. The U.S. textile and apparel industries themselves lobbied hard against AGOA for fear of losing revenue to cheap foreign labor. Furthermore, while many African leaders were in support of AGOA, there were some notable holdouts. But while these converging interests mounted a strong opposition to AGOA, the movement slowly unraveled as policy adjusted to meet criticism. 
AFRICAN-AMERICAN OPPOSITION. Since World War II, African Americans had established lobbies in Congress to encapsulate a unified African American perspective on U.S. foreign policy with Africa. Examples of such groups include the Council on African Affairs (1937-1955); the American Negro Leadership Conference on Africa (1962-1967); the CBC (1969-present); and TransAfrica (1977-present). Prior to Clinton’s election several themes had characterized the views of these groups towards U.S. foreign policy in Africa. African leaders expressed the views that I) U.S. policymakers were not concerned with Africa, only in its strategic significance in Cold War terms; II) policies towards Africa were primarily based on exploiting natural resources and cheap labor; and finally III) policymakers were unsupportive of policies that pursued human rights and democracy in Africa because they were unconcerned with the region. As Congressman William H. Gray stated in the 1980s, “[The United States] has a double-standard: we are quick to light candles for human rights violations in Eastern Europe, and rightfully so, but when it comes to Africa we won’t even strike a match.”
	The CBC and TransAfrica repeatedly voiced their strong concerns about the U.S. “colonial mindset,” pointing to the African Growth and Opportunity Act as an example. The center of a heated debate within the CBC, Thirty percent of the members voted against the House’s version of the act for three reasons. First they objected to the conditional trade benefits, which some members equated with “a new form of colonialism.” 
