Second, many CBC members believed that AGOA favored multinational corporations over African countries. This view ran closely along advocates for the anti-globalization movement and the two groups converged in their opposition of the legislation. Finally, some leaders were deeply troubled that many policymakers linked the trade bill to more cuts in foreign aid for Africa. As Representative William J. Jefferson (D-LA) clarified in April 1998, “It can’t be aid alone, and it can’t be trade alone.” – trade complements aid. CBC members argued that aid was necessary to solidify support for those countries that show progress in strengthening their democratic institutions. 
It’s worth nothing however that some CBC members praised the act as one of the Clinton administrations “first steps” on the right path. Maxine Waters indicated that she was highly aware of the shortcomings of the act, but considered it a start. While many of the supporters disapproved of the conditions applied to the countries, they believed that many of these could be amended at a later date. Perhaps more convincing, Donald Payne, former chairman of the CBC, argued that the African trade act was having the beneficial effect of elevating Africa’s place on the U.S. agenda. In this mindset, it wasn’t the actual substance of AGOA that mattered, but the simplicity of its existence. By the very existence of AGOA, the United States was forced to engage in discussion of Africa and “discover” the continent despite any flaws of the legislation.
Less than a month after H.R. 434 was introduced in the House, CBC member Jesse Jackson (D. IL) presented competing legislation in his HOPE for Africa Act (H.R. 772). While the objectives of his bill were similar to that of AGOA, the differences represented many of the changes advocated by the CBC and TransAfrica. The bill was notable for several reasons, including the promotion of debt relief, development assistance, and many other provisions that were more based on poverty reduction than trade promotion. The HOPE for Africa Act was ultimately defeated. 
It is difficult to say for certain whether or not the CBC and TransAfrica represented the African American view. By the time that AGOA was moving through Congress, many African-Americans led multinational firms, or divisions were engaged with Africa: Afritel was a cellular service provider in South Africa; Africa OnLine made efforts to push into East and Southern Africa; and McDonalds expansion into Africa was spearheaded by African American Darryl Webb. But whether or not it represented the African American community, it definitely represented a vocal portion of the community. Their views will continue to remain extremely important because of their ability to influence policymakers on Capitol Hill.
ALTERNATE DOMESTIC VIEWS – Congress had many hurdles to cross when considering expanding trade access for the Africa nations. They had to consider many different dimensions of the legislation: the relative levels of infrastructure in the countries and whether or not countries could take advantage of them; Executive Branch influence in trade expansion; the effect that any legislation would have on domestic industries; the possibilities that a new preference may encourage transshipment from countries outside the region; dealing with governments that acted in opposition of American ideals; and the types of goods to be included. 
