Many Congressmen were generally opposed to any trade bill with Africa until many of these concerns were resolved. 
In 1974, Congress enacted legislation providing the president with the authority to negotiate trade agreements that could then be submitted to both houses of Congress under special procedures for an expedited “up-or-down” majority vote with no amendments. The Authority strengthened the president’s ability to guarantee to trade partners that he was empowered to negotiate such agreements on behalf of the United States, since there would be no risk of Congress altering the proposed agreement (at most, Congress could simply reject it). The authority also ensured that Congress would have to act on an agreement, without delay. Originally referred to as “fast-track” authority, the authority lapsed in 1994. President Clinton tried to regain this ability through various measures but was wholly unsuccessful. Clinton wanted to make most of the benefits-including exemption of additional products from import duties and access to OPIC investment funds-available to any African country that was already eligible for GSP benefits (except Eritrea, Gabon, Liberia, Mauritania, Nigeria, and the Sudan). 
In 1998, when the House version came to the Senate, it was subsequently amended in committee with the addition of “fast track” consideration. The American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL-CIO), a national trade union center, was strongly opposed to this authority. If passed, the AFL-CIO would lose some of its lobbying power in influencing trade legislation, as that authority would then be in the hands of the president. Some point to this added authority as the reason that the legislation died in the Senate. In the end, “fast track” authority was excluded from the final version of AGOA.
Many of the items that were placed in AGOA were originally not included in the GSP to protect American industry. This is especially true of the textile and apparel provisions in AGOA. It was a concern by many Congressmen that increased imports would cause or threaten the U.S. apparel industry. Along these lines, many were concerned that extending apparel benefits would increase the likelihood of transshipment occurring. Transshipment is the act of shipping goods to an intermediate destination prior to it reaching the ultimate destination. They predicted the likelihood of transshipment from non-African countries would occur if textile and apparel imports from sub-Saharan Africa were given duty-free treatment. 
OTHER DISSENTING VIEWS – In an interview with CNN in 1998 Nelson Mandela, then President of South Africa, applauded any U.S. efforts to extend aid towards his nation. But he made it very clear that he would not accept any trade relations that came with strings attached. Mandela was referring to the United States eligibility requirements that would have placed restrictions on his countries dealings with Cuba, Libya and Iran. South Africa’s position was not unique and many critics of AGOA pointed to situations like this as unfair control mechanism. The United States was in effect tying African countries to U.S. foreign policy in a very blatant way. 
