Many African countries were incapable of fighting the U.S. influence, but South Africa, rich in resources, regional influence and a charismatic leader, was in a unique bargaining position to brick wall U.S. efforts for political control. Not surprisingly, CBC members and TransAfrica backed the criticisms put forth by the South African president.
 AGOA has subsequently been amended three times (AGOA II-IV), thus AGOA as it was passed in 2000 does not represent the same legislation that exists today. 
 
 AGOA II was passed in 2002; AGOA III was passed in 2004; AGOA IV was passed in 2006
 
 Agricultural commodities included fresh cut roses, citrus products (fresh or juice), and vegetables (tomato, celery, cucumber and dried onions) Other Nonagricultural products included apparel, footwear, handbags, gloves, luggage and trunks, and watches
 The thirty-four eligible SSA countries were: Benin, Botswana, Cape Verde, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of Congo,Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Lesotho, Madagascar,Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria Rwanda, São Tomé andPrincipe, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia
 Twenty-eight lesser developed SSA countries: Benin, Cape Verde, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of Congo, Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Lesotho, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, São Tomé and Principe, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia
 P.L. 106-200, H.R. 434. 106th Sess. Trade and Development Act of 2000 (U.S. 2000)
 Duty free access for textiles and apparel has been extended twice by Congress and now expires in 2012 as determined by AGOA IV
 Least developed status is given to countries with per capita incomes below $1500. 42 of the 48 sub-Saharan countries in the region have incomes below $1500 per capita. The countries with incomes above $1500 were Botswana, Gabon, Mauritius, Namibia, Seychelles, and South Africa. (possibly insert a pie chart of this indicating what percentage was above 1500 and what percentage below)

 The AFL-CIO is the largest federation of unions in the United States. It was formed in 1955 when the AFL and CIO merged.
 
Origins of the African Growth and Opportunity Act
ABSTRACT
This thesis proposes an explanation for the passage of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) - Title I of the Trade and Development Act of 2000 (P.L. 106-200; H.R. 434).  Several factors explain why the United States was unwilling to pass AGOA in 1996, yet finally did so in 1999.  The purpose of the paper is not to evaluate the success of AGOA, but rather to analyze the context from which the policy emerged, synthesizing history, politics, economics, and development theory to understand why Congress passed AGOA. Four factors are identified as being responsible for the passage of AGOA: (i) a shift in U.S. foreign policy; (ii) a renewed push for political engagement with sub-Saharan Africa; (iii) reaction to foreign dominated influence on the continent (EU, Japan and China); and (iv) increasing interet and support of the U.S. private sector. 
