 Considered by many to be the most far-reaching initiative in the history of U.S.-Africa economic relations, AGOA offers expanded access to U.S. markets for sub-Saharan African nations that undertake positive economic and political reform. Beneficiary countries that meet the requirements are granted duty-free access to more than 1800 tariff line products in addition to approximately 4600 products available under the Generalized System of Preferences (GSP). As a mechanism for development, the concept of AGOA is simple; reducing tariffs provides a market for African goods that would otherwise be unable to compete. This increased income from trade stimulates the economy, generating jobs and diversifying African economies. At the same time, AGOA is a valuable tool of foreign policy. The United States can further political and economic reforms that serve U.S. interests without heavily mpacting domestic industries. 
However, while ostensibly serving the interests of both the United States and African countries, AGOA met with substantial opposition. Supporters trumpeted AGOA as the spark for a new “African Renaissance” but the bill failed in Congress twice and was nearly killed a third time before a consensus was finally reached on the critical aspects of the legislation. AGOA’s journey through the legislative process was hindered by numerous opponents that came in the form of anti-globalization activist groups, trade unions, and congressmen who believed the legislation was against both U.S. and African interests.  
The anti-globalization movement, in particular, cited AGOA as a long-term threat to African interests and a new form of American colonialism.  And domestically, trade unions were oncerned with possible job losses in the fiber, textile, and apparel industries, customs fraud, and the scope of presidential power. This paper examines the legitimacy of these claims and addresses the alternatives they presented.
By examining the role of ideological shifts, political maneuvering, foreign action, and timing, this thesis will propose that the passage of the African Growth and Opportunity Act was the result of a post-Cold War policy towards African countries established by the  Clinton’s administration. This policy set the stage for U.S. engagement with Africa in the 21st century, and served as the foundation of the Bush administration’s involvement on the continent.. 
INTRODUCTION: 
"No nation in our time has entered the fast track of development without first opening up its economy to world markets.  The African Growth and Opportunity Act is a road map for how               the United States and Africa can tap the power of markets to improve the lives of our citizens." 
–President George W. Bush at the First U.S.-Sub-Saharan African Trade & Economic Cooperation Forum 
On March 11, 1998, the U.S. House of Representatives voted on a controversial piece of trade legislation (H.R. 1432). Known as the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA), the bill proposed to reduce or eliminate U.S. tariffs and quotas on goods from Sub-Saharan African (SSA) nations. As a mechanism for development, the concept was simple; reducing tariffs would allow African goods to be competitive in American markets, generating jobs and diversifying African industry. 
