Relief to the lowest levels of society would follow in participating nations classified as least developed countries (LDC). Supporters heralded the legislation as an answer to the pervasive development problems faced by Africa as well as a positive boost for U.S.-Africa  relations. The Clinton administration had pushed hard to get the bill passed, but initial support was tenuous and opponents pushed back equally hard.
On the day of the vote, the L.A. Times featured an article co-authored by President of TransAfrica, Randall Robinson, and consumer advocate Ralph Nader, denouncing AGOA. In what they referred to pessimistically as “NAFTA in Africa,” these two representatives of the anti-globalization movement were openly critical of what they felt was a “threat to Africa’s long-term interests.” Members of the Congressional Black Caucus echoed this point and actively sought to defeat the bill by introducing competing legislation. Other domestic interests lined up to criticize the bill but for different reasons.  The possibility of job losses in the fiber, textile, and apparel industries angered domestic unions and Congressmen who represented manufacturing districts. The American Manufacturing Trade Action Coalition (AMTAC) and the National Council of Textile Organizations (NCTO) urged Congress to reject AGOA because it would “cost thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs and drive up the foreign trade deficit.” Other domestic groups, including the AFL-CIO, the largest federation of unions in the United States, wanted to liminate those elements of AGOA that gave the President too much unilateral power to adjust trade legislation without Congressional approval. 
Finally, Concern over decreases in treasury revenue, fear of customs fraud and Africa’s reputation for mismanagement, corrupt economic and political systems, and wasted development funding made many members wary of supporting yet another flawed development idea. 
Despite the outspoken opposition and numerous attempts to kill the legislation, the African Growth and Opportunity Act was signed into law May 18, 2000.  Considered by many to be the most significant legislation to effect Africa in the last quarter of a century, AGOA is currently the foundation of U.S. foreign policy towards Africa; underpinning efforts to build  democracy, liberalize trade, and fighting poverty. This poses the question: how did AGOA come to be featured so prominently in U.S. foreign policy?  Why was the legislation passed if so many interest groups, Congressmen, and development advocates were convinced AGOA held little of value for U.S. and African interests? 
The thesis of this paper is that there are four factors responsible for the passage of the African Growth and Opportunity Act: (i) a shift in U.S. foreign policy; (ii) a renewed push for political engagement with sub-Saharan Africa; (iii) reaction to foreign dominated influence on the continent (EU, Japan and China); and finally (iv) increasing engagement from the U.S. private sector. These factors, in combination, explains why the United States was unwilling to pass AGOA in 1996 yet finally did in 1999. The purpose of the paper is not to assess whether AGOA succeeded or failed. Rather it is to objectively analyze the policy environment, synthesizing history, politics, economics, and development theory to understand why Congress passed AGOA. 
