The first factor contributing to the passage of AGOA was a shift in U.S. foreign policy towards Africa. Between 1960 and 1994, African countries saw an average decline in economic stimulation while comparable developing countries exhibited tremendous upward trends (Rodrik 1998). The bulk of these losses occurred between 1974 and 1994 when Africa experienced a deep and prolonged contraction of growth. During this period the United States was loosely engaged with Africa, and preoccupied with Cold War issues. During this time, United States development assistance was focused almost exclusively on bilateral aid and directed against Communist expansion. By the mid 1990s it was clear that aid was not enough to stimulate economic growth. With shrinking federal funding directed towards Africa, the Clinton Administration reached out to the private sector to increase investment on the continent. The goal of AGOA was to expand existing trade preferences in areas such as textile and apparel to attract foreign investment from the U.S. and abroad. The theory was that in by engaging in investment and trade, African nations could replicate the export-led growth experienced by the Asian countries during the 1970s and 1980s. As early as 1995, the Clinton Administration initiateddiscussion on expanding trade preferences with sub-Saharan Africa.  Had his not been done, the ideas behind the African Growth and Opportunity Act would never have been realized.
The second factor of AGOA’s passage grew out of humanitarian and security concerns on the continent. 
In the early 90s, events in Somalia and Rwanda set the tone for the U.S. government’s engagement with Africa. Congress wanted a stronger political connection between the U.S. and Africa to stabilize weakened states, check the power of authoritarian regimes, and monitor human rights violations. This resulted in the inclusion of a list of eligibility requirements that became a fundamental component of AGOA. These requirements forced participating nations to adhere to certain political, economic, and humanitarian ideals in return for trade access. While previous attempts had been made in 1976 under the Generalized System of Preferences (GSP), the two approaches were generated under substantially different circumstances. While the GSP did have qualities similar to AGOA, including eligibility requirements and preferential trade rights, Cold War tactics forced the United States to emphasize different priorities and selectively ignore many violations that occurred. Under AGOA the United States could place a renewed emphasis on enforcing the requirements, a duty placed in the hands of the President. Had these eligibility requirements not existed in the legislation, AGOA could not have addressed the major concerns of Congressmen and others concerned with security on the continent.
The third factor that impacted Congressional decision-making was the growing economic presence of foreign powers within sub-Saharan Africa (European Union, Japan, and China). Each was approaching the continent with their unique development methods yet all three were attempting to secure a strong foothold within the continent. 