By the time AGOA was passed, the European Union (EU) was already engaged in a free trade agreement with the Southern Africa Customs Union (SACU) and in the process of instituting the Cotonou Agreement, placing more emphasis on Free Trade Agreements (FTA) and regional integration. Japan was actively promoting “ownership” and “partnership” on the continent. China, on the other hand, began to realize its own potential as a rising world power and was increasingly motivated by economic rather than idealogical intent. China's willingness to engage with authoritarian regimes and ignore human rights violations in sub-Saharan Africa provided China with direct access to resources that United States chose to forego for policy reasons. Additionally, China followed a markedly different development policy, focused on aid and small/medium business development. Thus AGOA was, in part, passed as a direct response to the EU-SSA and China-SSA economic linkages that were building. As the European Union began strengthening its economic ties to African nations, and China began using soft power tactics. The United States’ response was to maintain involvement with the continent, with AGOA serving as an alternate economic policy and a means of engaging Africa by presenting the United States as a beneficial economic ally.
Finally, AGOA would not have been passed had its goals remained outside of the corporate interests of U.S. businesses. Trade agreements tend to emerge and form out of  attempts to balance the interests of both the voter and the interests of private industry. (Milner, 1998).  In theoretical terms, if a legislator feels a trade deal is not within his constituency’s best interests, he will not support it (Milner, 1998). 
As previously noted,,,the textile industry and  number of labor unions were concerned with the effect AGOA would have on domestic jobs. As new provisions entered the legislation, protecting intellectual property rights and providing easier access to foreign markets, companies began to lobby more aggressively for the passage of AGOA. As corporate backing increased, legislators could more confidently vote for the passage of the bill in the best interest of their supporters. Thus the support from U.S. companies played a vital role in the passage of AGOA. Had corporate interests not matched those of the Clinton Administration then AGOA would have died in committee, as it did for the four previous years,
Development Theory
My thesis is organized in the following manner. Chapter one presents a closer look at AGOA for readers unfamiliar with the legislation. Here I provide a detailed explanation of the conditions for eligibility and key features of the potential benefits. Chapter two introduces the reader to the development theory behind AGOA. In this chapter I discuss the shift in perspective within the U.S. government and how the impact the shift laid the groundwork for AGOA. Chapter three addresses the renewed push for political engagement with sub-Saharan Africa, highlighting the eligibility requirements and their importance in the final legislation. Chapter four describes the passage of AGOA as a response to the encroachment of foreign powers.  I discuss the diminishing relevance of U.S. support in light of alternate economic power centers. Chapter five explains the crucial role the private sector played in lobbying for the passage of AGOA. 
