In the chapter I will address the conflicts that arose between opponents of the bill and the corporate backers of the legislation. Finally, I will consider the status and impacat of the legislation under the Bush administration and discuss shortcomings of the AGOA legislation. In onclude with final thoughts on the future of U.S. development in sub-Saharan Africa.

 Fast track negotiating authority is an authority of the President to negotiate agreements that the Congress can approve or disapprove but cannot amend or filibuster. 
It was in effect from 1975 to 1994 when it expired during the Clinton administration. Congress was hesitant to grant this ability to President Clinton out of concern that he would gain too much control over trade decisions. Fast track authority was restored in 2002 by the Trade Act of 2002

INTRODUCTION
In recent years the African continent has finally become a place of renewed world interest. The people are still facing the same hardships and struggles with echoes of a colonial legacy, but the rest of the world has decided it is going to finally pay attention. Yet with this new attitude of engagement, questions of development and direction have inevitably risen. This is nowhere more apparent then in the current Doha Round in the World Trade Organization (WTO) where the world is meeting to discuss trade issues and development in Africa. Elsewhere, ministers and presidents have been holding meetings to discuss the same issues on a bilateral level. The question that everyone is trying to answer is not whether Africa should develop, but how? 
	Western development methods have dominated Africa in the wake of World War II. All with the goal of modernizing society and raising its incomes there exist two classical schools of thought as articulated by Alvin Y. So: the Modernization School and the Dependency School. Over the past sixty years, these development methods were the two most influential schools of thought from Western Development. They have been tried, failed, and re-imagined several times. Other neo-classical theories have had varying levels of success throughout the developing world, yet none have seemed to be the panacea for Africa. With that track record of limited success, the question for African leaders and their people centers on whether or not the failures lie in Western development methods, or within the continent itself. Should these nations continue to follow the efforts and suggestions of Western development methods, or are they better off finding their own way based on their own needs, not Western interpretations of African needs? The question is an immensely complex one that contains strong arguments for both sides, but first Western development methods must be defined and its major ideas addressed.
DEVELOPMENT THEORIES
Historical use of the term development in a Western sense was strictly an economic term: synonymous with economic development. Its goals were to bring newly independent countries to the living standards of the Western world. The only constructive method imagined was following a similar evolution that the industrialized nations had followed; raise incomes to give the poor access to goods and services in developed societies. 
