This approach to development is firmly rooted in liberalizing capitalist methods of economic growth. By Western standards, industrialization has been remarkably successful. Their belief is that a similar method of development is the best for all countries. 
	Following World War II the United States was put in direct competition with the Soviet Union for global influence. European nations already had a firmly entrenched political system so American aid could simply prop up democracies until their economies could regain their footing. The same theories were applied to newly independent African nations, but with little success. Fundamentally, Modernization theory believed in an evolutionary economics; progress was good but slow from a primitive to an advanced economy. The model for this growth was addressed in The Take-off into Self Sustained Growth (Rostow 1964). In this model Rostow explains that there are five major stages of economic development moving from a traditional Society to a mass-consumption society; the in-between stages were referred to as take-off.  The problem was, few of the African countries were able to make it to take-off in Rostow’s model. The model worked for a short time but eventually the inefficiency of the states made it painfully obvious that the economies were growing too slowly; basically the economic growth was stagnant. Some saw this failure as a result of a third world dependency on industrialized nations, underlining the rise of the Dependency perspective.
	Emerging in the wake of Modernization Theory, The Dependency School was popular among a new generation of young idealists who believed, among other things, that the colonial legacy prevented countries from advancing. Frank was one of these theorists and he believed that trade with former colonial ties was detrimental to the development of the country (1967, 1969). He believed that unlike modernization school where something was wrong within the country, the blame is squarely on external factors. General belief stated that development was impossible while connected in this dependent fashion and that the market was inherently stacked against the countries. The policies proposed were to sever all ties with developed countries and adopt an isolationist stance. The problem was, the Dependency Theory had numerous flaws including, but not limited to, the fact that dependency and development could coexist.
REACTIONS TO WESTERN DEVELOPMENT
There were numerous shortcomings of two main schools of thought but largest was that they were not African methods of development, but fundamentally Western. It does not matter if the development was spurred by an isolationist perspective, shunning the Western world, or by an export led policy; countries were still playing by Western hegemonic rules. In the late 1990s, Postdevelopment Theory recognized this and questioned the whole concept of what Western development really was. It criticized the inherent purpose of development which, as they believed, was nothing more than a method of control and consolidation of state power, not a vehicle of prosperity and poverty alleviation. As a result economists began to reconsider the typical indicators of GDP and GNP as a means of tracking development. 
