The reality that Postdevelopment Theory recognized was that Western methods of development have a substantial amount of shortcomings including the reality that it is not sustainable.
We have discovered in recent years that the Western methods of development, as they exist today, are not sustainable and the world is now facing the results of careless industrial expansion under capitalist ideology. There are three basic drawbacks to Western Development that African can learn from and hopefully avoid. First, Western development is not sustainable from an environmental perspective. With fears of global warming, resource depletion and diminished air quality, it is becoming clearer every day that Western development is teetering on the edge of an environmental disaster of which there may be a long road to recovery. Capitalist intentions are unconcerned with such things and as such do not have the long-term sight to see this precarious position. Which leads me to the second point, Western development lacks a vision beyond that of economic growth. Industrialization and trade pay no warning to ethical standards or the people that represent the human capital. Governments set standards, but only as high as they have to without a backlash from the people. As I stated above it is even questionable how much that GDP growth truly alleviates the poverty in a country that is developing. Finally, the real problem with Western development is that it pushes economic, political, and social uniformity. In his discussion of Westernization, Serge Latouche stresses the inevitability of Western developments homogenizing effect on the world, indiscriminately trampling cultures. 
This cultural destruction and tearing at the social fabric of a nation is unquestionably a characteristic of Western development. Perhaps the definition of Western success was inherently flawed from the start and works against our own development. As it stands continuing efforts to jumpstart economies in Africa still focus on dumping aid and ideas on African nations with a general rubric for success. My thesis was on such an effort, the African Growth and Opportunity Act. The United States claimed that AGOA was passed as a new direction for African development where each nation was capable of controlling their own destiny. But this demeaning form of assistance offers no vision, no global conception of development or philosophy; it is simply another method of control. Africa needs to set its own agenda in development; it needs have its own opportunity develop unbridled by the inadequacies of Western society. I don’t have a solution, but it cannot come from me; it cannot come from the West. Someday I hope that an answer will come from within the continent and when that happens I hope the world will listen.

 I would like to note here that sustainable development has been a focus of the Western world in the last decade and that leaps and bounds have been made in the areas of infrastructure, specifically building materials, energy, and transportation. Given these advancements it is not impractical to believe that sustainable development is a pipe dream, but given the major developing nations (India, China, Brazil, South Africa) it is impossible to believe that sustainable development is occurring right now.