  Over the past several decades China has liberalized its economy, with the support of the world. Throughout this period the United States has been supportive, investing heavily to the benefit of both countries, while at the same time being weary of China’s growing presence in the global economy. With the inclusion of the Chinese in the most recent round of trade talks, and continuing changes within China friendly to global competition, it was believed that western firms could take advantage of new opportunities in what were formerly protected markets. But the corporate benefits to U.S. multi-nationals may be rendered moot by the stress placed on U.S. authority by a more active and politically savvy China. Most recently, the presence of China in the world markets has begun to put a severe strain on U.S. political influence and trade policy; an arena that the United States had formerly dominated due to its hegemonic position. No longer willing to let the United States (and European nations) set the world’s agenda, China has taken a stand for itself and developing countries. This all points to one simple reality: while China’s entry into world markets has provided new opportunities for American firms to expand, it poses a direct threat to the United States by undermining its influence in trade negotiations within and outside of the Doha Round.

 AMERICAN INDUSTRY
The World Trade Organization (WTO) is a formal international institution whose sole purpose is to facilitate trade negotiations and serve as a forum for discussion of the rules and regulations of international trade. Now consisting of over 150 member nations, the WTO was officially created in 1995 at the conclusion of the Uruguay Round; replacing the previous system, the General Agreements on Tariff and Trade (GATT). Informally started, but formally recognized, the GATT had existed for half a century before the WTO was chartered. While the WTO facilitates bi-lateral trade deals, it also oversees international trade rules established in discussions known as rounds (Uruguay, Doha, etc). Member states must follow all agreements made during the rounds.
	In 2001 China joined the WTO and in doing so took further steps towards embracing a more capitalist society. Their continued efforts to liberalize the economy were seen as remarkably important and lucrative for U.S. companies for several reasons. 
These include, but are not limited to, trade and distribution rights, tariff reduction, and new markets for growth. Because of China’s population, many American businesses see the potential for market growth within the country; with a population of one billion it serves as a new market for American products and financial services. Furthermore it is believed that American multinational corporations looking to penetrate the Chinese market can acquire large stakes in, or competitively defeat, many of the Chinese companies in relatively nascent industries. But while the effects of China’s entry into the world market may seem to be overwhelmingly positive, the ramifications are actually rather dire.
