Assessment of financial reporting quality at Texas Roadhouse, Inc. [NASDAQ: TXRH]
Executive Summary: If Texas Roadhouse, Inc. (TXRH) slathered its financials in barbecue sauce, they wouldn’t be any less clear.  While the 2008 10-K income statement appears to show a company growing revenues at a steady clip, the additional revenues generated prove to be derived predominantly from franchisee acquisitions.  Further, even with massaged revenue growth, gross margin and net income in 2008 fell from 2007 levels, indicating that the company is now earning less with more.  And even though TXRH had fewer earnings to offer, reported EPS remained stable – a result of the company’s repurchase of 6.5 million shares of its common stock during the fiscal year.  None of this is kosher.
Further, over half of the company’s debt is hidden in off-balance sheet operating leases; more than 20% of its booked assets are in goodwill derived from the above-referenced franchisee purchases; and if earnings ever rise again and cause an irrational hunger in the market for TXRH shares, the company is ready with unvested employee stock options and prospective restricted stock unit grants to sop up the gravy.  
Overall rating (out of five possible):  (one lone star).
As Reported:
Commentary:
Even on an “as reported” basis, TXRH is in poor straits.  For the prior two years, it has been running a negative cash flow business, and in the past year its debt to assets ratio has almost doubled (from .12 to .21) while its interest coverage ratio nearly halved (from 18.14 to 10.93).  Further, TXRH has for the past two years maintained a current ratio well below 1, meaning that the slightest distress could change the company from a barbecue to a fire sale establishment.  
TXRH’s ROE has remained relatively constant (falling from 11.5% to 10.5%), but only because, while net margin and asset turnover have decreased, leverage has increased.  And TXRH is not using its new leverage to expand into new markets; rather, it is acquiring poorly performing franchisees, which increases its book asset value only insofar as it adds substantial goodwill to the company’s balance sheet.  None of this takes into account the company’s poor revenue growth, substantial off-balance sheet liabilities, and flagging EPS when a buyback program is pro forma unwound.  
TXRH has its four hooves firmly planted on the abattoir conveyor belt, and whether it will take continuing overpayment on franchisee acquisitions, the 2012 maturity of a substantial portion of its long-term debt, or an exogenous event, the TXRH shareholder is eventually going to get slaughtered.
Principal financial reporting issues:
Operating leases:  TXRH leases more than half of its company-owned restaurants – 131, compared to 114 owned.  Notwithstanding, TXRH has capitalized the lease of only one of its operating facilities – the remainder are held off-balance sheet as operating leases.  While the company sets forth the disparate start-up costs of the two varieties of restaurant space (leased and owned), earnings per unit are referenced as a single value, without regard to ownership status, and each lease has a term of greater than 10 years, with option to renew.  
