Accordingly, it appears fit to treat the operating lease stores as assets, and to adjust for their effect on the company’s financial statements.
Maintenance of a majority of its locations off-balance sheet has a substantive effect on the company’s ratios – for example, when operating leases are treated as capital leases, the company’s debt-to-equity ratio doubles, from .36 to .71 (as set forth in the addendum hereto).  Of greater concern, TXRH’s interest coverage declines precipitously (from almost 11 times earnings to barely 3 times) when operating leases are treated as capitalized.  Given the company’s poor recent record of generating cash flows, together with its acquisitions of franchisees that might otherwise have provided comparatively encumbrance-free earnings, this plummeting interest coverage ratio foretells bad news.
No Favorable Intangible or Tangible Asset Distortions:  Unfortunately for TXRH shareholders, it is unlikely that there are many favorable GAAP distortions on the company’s balance sheet.  As an initial matter, TXRH has purchased 12 franchisee stores in the past year - and purchased several other restaurant locations in prior years – and has brought those entities’ market value (inclusive of the TXRH brand value, such as it is) onto its balance sheet.  With almost 20% of its book asset value held in goodwill (such goodwill not inclusive of repurchased franchise agreements – the true earnings-generating component of the company’s intangible asset corral) it is hard to imagine that the young company’s brand is undervalued on its books.  
Property values also do not appear to give TXRH any “hidden” additional value.  For a rough estimate of potentially hidden tangible assets, the book value of the company’s net property and equipment was divided by the number of restaurants comprising the asset (114), which number was then compared to the company’s own estimates of the costs incurred to bring a new restaurant online (from 2.5 to 5.3 million dollars, as is set forth on p. 6 of the 10-K).  From these calculations (as set forth in the addendum hereto), it seems clear that any obscured additional asset value on TXRH’s books is small, at best.
Purchase Accounting Effects On Revenues: TXRH purchased 13 of its franchisee restaurants at various times in 2008, and with each purchase brought in additional revenues (such revenues accruing to the benefit of TXRH after full consolidation).  To determine roughly how much of an effect franchisee purchases had on revenues, reference was made to Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, wherein TXRH gives an “as if” recitation of revenues that would have been earned given full year consolidation, from which revenues actually included on TXRH’s financial statements were inferred (as set forth in the addendum hereto).  Briefly, when franchisee revenue purchases are removed from TXRH’s annual revenues, its year-over-year increase in revenues is only 3%, 2.5% of which can be accounted for by the additional week in the fiscal year (as set forth on 10-K p. 39).  This is a far cry from the 20.3% increase in sales vaunted by the company, id.
