Franchisee Profitability Confusion:  TXRH’s disclosure with regards to its franchisee agreements, royalties and fees is indecipherable.  In theory, TXRH could be using its franchisee revenues to smooth earnings, but in order to determine whether that is the case, the company would have clearly to provide, among other things, the defined structure of its franchise agreements, including definitive upstream percentages (i.e., more detail than “2% to 4% of sales”, as on p. F10 of the 10-K), gross and net revenues from franchising, and intercompany support services use.  With the current disclosures, all that can be gleaned is that franchising is a waning piece of TXRH’s structure, both in terms of numbers (from 94 to 69 in three years) and revenues.
Common Stock Purchase Effects on EPS:  TXRH reported EPS values roughly matching those of its prior year of operation.  But in order to achieve this matched value, TXRH repurchased almost 10% of the company’s outstanding shares in the 2008 fiscal year.  If the company’s financial statements are adjusted for these purchases (without taking into account any of the prior adjustments set forth supra), basic EPS trailed 2007 at .48 (as compared to .53 in 2007), with diluted EPS at .47 (as compared to .52) (as set forth in the addendum hereto).
Move from Stock Options to Restricted Stock Units (RSU) Grants: In 2008, TXRH ceased issuing stock options to its employees, and moved to an RSU incentive program.  As an accounting matter, this should cause little fanfare – RSU compensation costs are expensed as with options, and so the only expense component to change would be in the value of an option over the value of a share (e.g. time value).  However, as a matter of optics, a move from stock options to RSUs may indicate management’s flagging belief in the growth story of TXRH.  Options are generally issued in greater amounts than RSUs, but are more vulnerable to downside risk because an RSU has value below its strike price, where an option does not; a switch to RSU compensation may thus indicate a feeling at the C-level that TXRH’s share price has not yet begun to fall.
Related Party Transactions:  It is generally advisable to keep one’s soap operas to daytime TV viewing, and not the final pages of one’s 10-K.  The interrelatedness of TXRH’s board and its business operations is excessive, and smacks of use of the public company as a private piggy bank.
Overall Outlook for TXRH
In a competitive market with low barriers to entry and a fickle consumer, a company can’t afford to throw money around – but TXRH throws its money all over the place.  With franchisee acquisitions, share buybacks, and annual option/stock grants to employees and management totaling almost 2% of its float, TXRH is bleeding like a stuck pig.  At least when the company finally dies, they’ll know how to serve it up, with made-from-scratch sides, to angry, angry equity holders.
* * *
We represent ABC Corporation as potential pre-petition Chapter 11 debtor, together with its wholly-owned subsidiary (together, the “Debtors”) in connection with preparations for its retention and use of post-petition (“DIP”) financing. 
