We have been asked to prepare a memorandum discussing (i) whether a roll-up of the proposed pre-petition lender’s (here, “Bank of America”) loan will be allowed, (ii) whether a priming lien on the parent’s (“ABC”) assets will be granted, (iii) whether the subsidiary (“Sub”) will be allowed to be treated as a borrower, and (iv) whether a lien will be granted on Sub’s assets.
Roll-up is allowable by practice in the S.D.N.Y. and Delaware bankruptcy courts, as is evidenced by the inclusion of language requiring specific notice of the motioning debtor’s intention to include a roll-up provision in each Court’s local rules.  Local Rules 4001-2, (7)(Bankr.SDNY) and (E)(Bankr. Del.).  Whether these courts will allow a roll-up turns on the facts of the case, specifically, the financial positions of the each of the creditor interests in the estates of the debtors.  If the roll-up will cause no material change of position – i.e., if all parties who would have a financial stake in the pre-petition division of the debtor’s assets would, post-petition, hold the same financial stake(s), then the roll-up should be allowable.
In the case of the Debtors, the pre-petition senior secured lender is oversecured, as is the junior secured lender, and each has a substantial equity cushion (between the two, there are $225M in claims, as compared to $300M in assets of the Debtors).  Accordingly, in the post-petition period, each would be entitled to interest on its claims, pursuant to §506(b).  By the roll-up, Bank of America would be gaining nothing more than the immediacy of post-petition payment, where otherwise it would be granted interest on its debt payable upon confirmation of the case.  Accordingly, by requesting a roll-up, Bank of America is putting itself in no better position vis-à-vis the other creditors of the Debtors’ estates than it would have had had it failed to offer post-petition DIP financing, other than on a time-value-of-money analysis (both as to actual literal time and as to any interest rate amelioration that Bank of America demands that would otherwise have been crammed down in the plan confirmation process).  Accordingly, a roll-up should be allowable in this case, subject to the proviso that Bank of America will not likely receive the “immediate” full roll-up it requests, because of the time requirements set forth in the Local Rules and the apparent absence of “extraordinary circumstances” that would require such relief be granted via an interim DIP order.
More tenuous is Bank of America’s request that its loan be a priming loan as against ABC’s assets.  In order for a priming loan to be allowed subject to §364(d), the Debtors would be required to show that (i) they were unable to obtain less onerous financing by other means, and (ii) that any other secured claimholder (here, Highland) has received adequate protection of its interest in ABC.  
