As to the first point, the Debtors should create a thorough record of their efforts to obtain financing, and their failure to accomplish that end.  As to the second, the Debtors should be aware, from the outset, that “[p]riming liens are not often approved over the objection of the pre-petition secured lender” and that priming in general is an “extraordinary protection for a post-petition lender” (see Obtaining DIP Financing and Using Cash Collateral, ABI 2004).  Therefore, to guarantee success on the issue of priming, the Debtors should seek to negotiate early with Highland to a resolution of their intercreditor disputes, such that Highland will be appearing before the Court with a favorable opinion of the DIP motion, priming and all.  Absent Highland’s consent to priming, it is difficult to counsel with certainty that a proposed DIP motion would be allowed.
Bank of America’s demand that Sub be included as a borrower appears wholly uncontroversial.  At present, Sub has no creditors of its own.  If Sub had a single creditor, then including it in the DIP financing as a borrower could be argued to run afoul of the absolute priority rule ab initio, because shareholders of Sub (here, Bank of America, via pledge) would be granted priority over creditors of Sub – it would amount to a sub rosa substantive consolidation of Sub’s assets and ABC’s liabilities to the benefit of ABC’s creditors.  But Sub has no creditors, and so its highest priority interest holders are its equity holders.  Accordingly, even though there is no reason Sub should be included in the DIP financing agreement – as it has no apparent immediate borrowing needs – because there is no aggrieved party that could appear to argue that Sub shouldn’t be included, the allowance of its inclusion as a borrower should be granted.
In the same vein as with the Sub qua borrower argument above, there is no party extant to object to Bank of America receiving a lien on Sub’s assets.  In theory, Wilmington Trust could argue that Sub’s assets, wholly unencumbered, should only be available for payment of unsecured claims.  Yet this would be unhelpful to Wilmington Trust as a general matter, because unsecured claims are fungible, and even if Sub’s $20M were used entirely to satisfy unsecured claims there would remain a $30M equity cushion over and above both the proposed post-petition DIP financing amount and the pre-petition secured senior and junior loans, the residue of which would also be available to unsecured creditors.  In other words, Wilmington Trust would not gain by arguing that Sub is a separate entity under the facts as presented, so it is reasonable to assume that it would not bother to belabor the point.
Thus, briefly, we believe that the DIP Motion provisions requested by Bank of America should be approved in either the SDNY or Del. Bankruptcy Courts, subject to the provisos that (1) the relief will not be “immediate”, and this will have to be made clear to Bank of America beforehand (it will, rather, likely involve entry of an interim order allowing financing in the range of the two to three weeks necessary to allow for objections on the motion and a hearing) and (2) Bank of America and Highland will have to come to a meeting of the minds on a consensual resolution of Highland’s concerns prior to filing of the DIP motion. 
