Critical vendor orders are an instance in Chapter 11 where debtors, their lawyers and judges “work around” the bankruptcy law to fashion preferential recoveries for trade creditors at the expense of the unsecured creditor body general.  
Pursuant to Bankruptcy Code §507, enumerated priorities are set forth via a Congressional mandate that should be inviolate.  Notwithstanding, debtors in possession – who prefer their friends at the local supply shop to the faceless, big-city financiers who offered them scads of unsecured credit long ago – have learned how to get around Code §1123(a)(4), and fairness in general, by alleging that the “doctrine of necessity” allows certain pre-petition claims to be paid at post-petition rates. This is simply a perversion of the law.  See In re Kmart (the “doctrine of necessity is just a fancy name for a power to depart from the Code”).  
There are probably instances – although such instances must necessarily be few and far between – where a vendor is “critical” to the success of a debtor-in-possession’s reorganization.  As an example, it could be argued that a supplier who has gone into bankruptcy after spending the decade prior selling uniquely to Wal-Mart – at all times without the benefit of an executory, contractual relationship - and who has no other customers, pricing power or market strength, could consider Wal-Mart to be a “critical vendor” and thus a necessary partner in its restructuring effort.  It could also be argued, however, that a supplier who has gone into bankruptcy after spending the decade prior selling uniquely to one other company that had no contractual duty to continue its purchasing, and which Chapter 11 debtor has no pricing power or market strength, is not one that should necessarily be restructured at all.  The market often functions better when the chaff is allowed to burn off.
To those ends, the Kmart decision is a step in the direction of mending the false loophole of “critical vendors”, but it does not go far enough, as it allows for the possibility that Bankruptcy Code §363(b)(1) might be used to craft separate and unequal results for trade partners who are ‘too big [in the debtor’s esteem] to fail’.  In an ideal bankruptcy world, critical vendor motions would be outlawed for pushing Code §105 entirely beyond its limits. 
At its least innocuous, the critical trade vendor order seems only to cast uncertainty into the unsecured debt market – how “critical” do I have to be to earn post-petition rents on my pre-petition outlays, and am I more “critical” if the debtor files in New York than I would be if the debtor filed in Chicago?  If I’m an unsecured bondholder, do I need to adjust my interest rate to reflect the possibility that in bankruptcy the debtor will elevate the pari passu claims of others over my own simply because they want to?  The markets hate uncertainty, and a bright line rule (“no critical vendors”) would allow all parties to understand their rights and plan accordingly.
