More perniciously, critical trade vendor orders serve to favor the occasional trade vendor over the steadfast one.  Take, for example, two like creditors of Kmart, each owed $100K by the firm as it files for bankruptcy.  One firm has entered into an agreement with Kmart for purchase and sale over a two-year period, the other deals piecemeal with its partner.  After the bankruptcy, the first can be compelled to continue its relationship notwithstanding its objection, while the second will be given a full realization of its pre-petition claim to do the same at its volition.   On a high level, this result drives up the price of contract, and that simply cannot be the desired social result.
At the micro level, critical trade vendor orders appear to use scant estate resources, but their resulting benefits are scanter still, and may well be big picture negative if all vendors pay for the uncertainty of some vendors.  It’s highly improbable that any serious chapter 11 court would outlaw critical trade vendor orders entirely (debtors like them, and debtors generally file their own petitions, so it would be unwise to be the first district on the block to make them unobtainable), and no one will ever lobby Congress to disadvantage small trade creditors - so they’re not going to go away any time soon.  Nevertheless, they are detrimental at the macro level, and it would be nice indeed if more courts would consider In re Kmart to be the starting off point, rather than the outer limit, of analysis on the issue.
We have been asked to analyze a proposed severance program that will remunerate certain members of XYZ’s staff in the event they are terminated without cause or in the wake of a change of control.  XYZ is presently a debtor in possession.
In general, even following BAPCPA, KERPs and severance programs are allowable (though not immediately allowed) for non-insiders of the debtor, and do not run afoul of Code §503(c)(2).  Insiders are defined by Code §101 and case law as directors, officers or people maintaining control of the corporate debtor; in each instance, the listed parties for whom the proposed severance program is being prepared has a supervisor to whom he or she reports, and therefore it is unlikely that a court would find that any of the representative employees is “in control” of the debtor; further, their classifications should be deemed titular and not substantive, so that a “director of finance” should not be falsely labeled a “director” as defined under the Code.
Therefore, it is unlikely that a court would determine, for purposes of analysis of §503, that the representative parties were “insiders” of the debtor and, under the analysis set forth in In re Dana (SDNY) and other cases, the severance package should be viewed under the requirements of Code §363, or the business judgment test.
Notwithstanding, the amounts of remuneration proposed may be deemed excessive when compared to the prepetition practice of the debtor – specifically, two weeks in the pre-filing period, versus 12 months in the post-petition period.  
