In reviewing the proposed severance program under the business judgment test, the court will look to see whether the plan’s cost is reasonable and whether the plan is reasonably calculated to achieve the result desired – namely, keeping the debtor’s key employees on board during the reorganization.  Under those guidelines, the plan may well be deemed excessive.
If the board believes this plan to be reasonable under the above-referenced metrics, we would counsel that the board bring the plan before the court as written and see if there are any objections.  If there are objections, the Board should be prepared to scale the plan back sufficiently to bring it in line with industry standard in the bankruptcy context and the firm’s own history of severance payment; if no one objects, the plan may well be approved as written.  In either event, we do not believe that the court will find the plan to run afoul of the more stringent standards of §503(c)(2), and we believe that asking for a sum that might be considered “reaching” is (i) a good start to negotiations and (ii) couldn’t hurt.
RentStop LLC
Prior to business school, several members in our group worked with colleagues we have labeled “intractable owners” – peers, managers and owners who believe that they are uniquely capable of directing a project or organization, and who work fervently to keep every lever of control at their fingertips.  We have also worked with “swan singers”, people who signal by their actions that they’re preparing to exit.
To set the stage for our analysis of how to approach negotiations with intractable owners and swan singers, we have prepared a case study based on an actual company, but with individuals, their backgrounds, and other sensitive information expurgated for privacy reasons.  The case study details the unrevealed interests and BATNAs of three members of a start-up, as well as those of the VC firm director who wishes to invest therein.  The case study is attached in the addendum hereto, and presents the problem from which our analysis and action plan flows.  
In this paper, we take the point of view of the VC Director, Chris, as he attempts to negotiate an integrative agreement with Robert (the intractable owner) and Scott (the swan singer) that will allow him (i) to purchase an interest in RentStop and (ii) to keep all current employees on board and engaged.
* * *
Before arranging the first formal meeting with the RentStop owners, Chris researched the company’s organizational dynamics through telephonic conversations with RentStop’s amenable staff.  After these discussions, he feels prepared to set his initial negotiations stance.
First Steps - Chris’ Analysis of the Relevant Positions, Interests, and BATNAs
Chris knows his own first order interest - to pay the smallest possible amount for RentStop in return for the greatest ownership stake.  He also desires to see the company either meet or exceed his current performance estimates; to accomplish this end, he desires to place a trusted subordinate in an operations position within the company.  
