Chris’ BATNA is to find an alternate investment with a similar risk/return structure.
Based on prior discussions with RentStop staff, Chris believes that Robert will be unreceptive to a bare-bones cash-for-equity trade.  Anticipating Robert’s stonewalling, Chris has penciled in a rough outline of what Robert’s interests appear to be - to retain control and answer to no one. Chris assumes that in his current frame of mind, Robert would trade control only for an unsupportable increase in valuation of his proportional share in the company.  Given this, Robert’s BATNA is relatively clear - to continue with the status quo: greater control over a lesser entity.
Again based on prior discussions, Chris has inferred that Scott has not been spending as much time in the office as was previously his wont.  Given Scott’s demonstrated responsiveness to Chris’ inquiries, Chris believes Scott sees his financing offer purely as a buyout opportunity.  He thus pegs Scott’s primary interest as a desire to cash out – a position antithetical to Chris’ own interests.  Scott’s BATNA is less transparent than Robert’s, but as it appears he has recently been valuing family hours over business hours, and because of Chris’ above-referenced estimation of Robert’s BATNA (“no sale”), Chris assumes that Scott’s BATNA is to exit, but with substantially less money.
To balance all three parties’ interests, Chris believes he must structure a package that allows Robert to maintain control over his mission critical interests, gives Scott additional incentives to stay without handcuffing him to his desk, and portrays his own associate/agent as an asset, rather than an impediment.
The Plan
Chris has set up a meeting with both Scott and Robert.  The three-way meeting is necessary to get Robert in the room: Chris knows Robert will only attend if Scott is there.  Chris has asked Scott to schedule the meeting in a neutral location, in order both to avoid giving Robert the sense of an invasion of his space and to prevent his easy walkout in the event of a dispute.  
After the initial brush-off he is expecting from Robert, Chris plans to attack – with questions.  He has prepared fact-finding questions to ask Robert, framed along the lines of “if you could structure your best working day, what would it look like?”  Initially, these questions will be framed by positive attribute, so that Chris will be able to reframe the anchor of the negotiation from a negative (“I want control and I won’t budge”) to a positive (“here are the aspects of my job that I love”).  After hearing Robert’s positive responses, Chris will paraphrase, offering Robert an opportunity both to hear the positive aspects of his job broadcast openly in Chris’ voice, and to correct any misperceptions.
Only after all positive interests have been aired will Chris turn to the negatives of Robert’s job:  “What are the aspects of your job that you dislike?” and subsequently “if you dislike them, why do you do them”?  Regardless of the response to the first question, Chris will offhandedly mention the special skills of his associate in that area.  
