If the answer to the second question is “because no one can do it the way I like it,” Chris will ask Robert to define “the way he likes it” to drill down to Robert’s preferences, again paraphrasing these preferences to ensure Robert sees Chris’ interest in hearing him out.  He will then once again mention the skills and competencies of his associate in handling these less palatable duties.
Chris’ plan for Robert is thus to tease out the flexible interests hiding behind his intractable position, while simultaneously planting the seed of willingness to obtain help with unpleasant and less-valued duties from Chris’ operations-capable associate.
For Scott, Chris intends to make any funding offer contingent on Scott’s agreement to stay with the company for two years.  Hearing this, Chris anticipates that Scott will seek a clean break, even for a lesser payout – which buyout price point should, in any event, exceed his BATNA.  
Chris’ reservation price for a deal will be that Scott must remain, but Chris will offer Scott the opportunity to telecommute in return for Scott’s contractual promise to groom Rebecca as a successor in his duties.  The final contract will set forth the parameters of successful completion of this contingency via targets to be agreed to by both Chris and Scott; the initial goal of this first meeting will be to acclimate Scott to the idea of remaining at the firm for a pre-determined timeframe.
At no time during this first meeting will Chris reference his target purchase price or ownership percentages, even if prompted to do so by either Scott or Robert.  Chris believes that a defined dollar amount has provided Robert with a clear opportunity to walk out in his prior negotiations with other VCs, and would anchor Scott in his current “exit scheme” frame.  His plan, instead, is to prove to the owners that his VC contribution will be greater than its monetary sum – that he can make each player’s reward greater through the deal’s construction.  
***
Negotiating with intractable owners and swan singers both, in the end, should be ameliorated through careful questioning to determine underlying interests, and then fostering support of those interests through the negotiated settlement.  In our future interactions with these archetypes, we will seek to uncover psychological gains that may be made through integrative negotiation, especially where monetary gains have proven insufficient to bring agreement.  
By our definition, “intractable owners” can range in scope from the immediate superior who seeks to micromanage the day-to-day activities of his subordinates (who, put otherwise, wants to “own” the project) to the owner of a corporation who refuses to implement new initiatives or cede control because of fear of the unknown hand.
 Chris’ calls to Scott and Rebecca were returned in time for him to prepare his analysis; as is set forth more fully in the addendum, Robert has been non-responsive.
 Chris has identified that Scott is a crucial asset of the company, both as the external face of the organization as well as internally, as a mentor to Rebecca.
