 Scott offered to ask his wife to reserve a conference room at her law office, and so that is where the meeting has been scheduled to take place.
We have each had negative role models in our professional careers, and the starkest example from our collective experience against which to rebel came in the form of Jordan’s first job out of college, at a firm called Strong Funds.  
Herein, we have attempted to describe three crisis points in working – before employment is taken, when it has been accepted but for reasons unrelated to current circumstances, and after a certain level of seniority has been achieved – in each case contrasting what we would hope our future responses would be with either 
	•	our past actions, or 
	•	the actions taken by Strong Funds.
Motivation
You didn’t have to work at Strong Funds for very long before you came to understand the marching orders of the firm: “Be Aggressive, B-E- Aggressive, B-E- A-G-G- R-E-S-S-I-V-E AGGRESSIVE!”  This transcendent value system, relayed implicitly by Dick Strong in his tales of bare-knuckle fisticuffs in South Asia, and strengthened explicitly through hand-to-hand combat on site at company tugs-of-war, gave each employee an unwritten guide to success at the firm – compete, have fun doing it, and WIN.
Strong Funds hired candidates with histories of competitive spirit that trumped their histories of academic achievement, and honed their innate competitiveness in a four-month primer course that focused not on the fundamentals of finance, but the fundamentals of assertive salesmanship.  Moreover, the path to advancement at Strong Funds was clear and decisive: competitive selling.  The high churn rate at the firm was testament to the fact that faltering competitiveness meant career stagnation - that only the [S]trong would survive.  
We both believe in the power of a strong message, but neither of us wants to become complicit once again in the competitiveness über alles story into which Strong Funds (or the standard New York law firm) has ensnared us in our pasts.  To that end, we feel that the most important motivation lesson we can learn from our ill-fitting former employments is to self-select out as early and quickly as is possible from any position that does not resonate with the messages we speak internally, to ourselves.    
In our future job searches, we are going to listen carefully to the motivations that guide the firms to which we apply, and, even where the money is good and the prestige is plentiful, we are going to make a conscious effort to step away from the firms that are not attuned to our own career motivations.  To paraphrase Professor Ginzel, it is easier to stay out than to get out…and so we will actively attempt to avoid deluding ourselves into thinking that we can change ill-fitting firms to suit our image, rather than the obverse.
Persuasion and Change
Jordan initially applied to work at Strong Funds because of two variables that were valuable to him at the time.  First, he was in a relationship with a girl who was attending school at the University of Wisconsin, and wanted to maintain closeness to her.  
