Second, he wanted to start a career in portfolio management.  Given these two constraints, the best choice of firm for him was Strong Funds.
Over the course of the first few months of his tenure at Strong Funds, however, the plinths that held up his initial decision fell away – he broke up with the girl, and then his future manager told him that because of the stock market’s recent contraction he could not place Jordan in a portfolio management position, that he would instead be staffed as a retail marketing analyst.  Notwithstanding the change of romantic circumstances and the low-ball job switcheroo, Jordan remained at Strong Funds for almost a year, doing a job that didn’t thrill him in a city where he had few personal connections.  
We feel that the most important commitment lesson learned from Jordan’s over-long tenure at Strong Funds is to carefully document the reasoning behind an initial choice before the false plinths of consistency build themselves in our minds and we become committed to a course of action.    
To that end, when decisions are sufficiently weighty, such as whether to take one job over another, or whether to stay at a current job or seek advancement in another company, we will construct decision trees showing the initial thought processes that formed our commitments, and the alternatives we gave up in making those choices.  Then, when we feel in our gut that we may be maintaining the wrong status quo based on foolish consistency, we will review our decision trees and determine whether the variables that were important to us initially are still guiding our actions, or rather if the important aspects of our decisions have changed, and we are remaining simply for the sake of honoring our hobgoblins.  
Team Dynamics
Because Strong Funds selected each of its employees for similar and particular character traits, and because the corporate culture was so powerful, the propensity for group think in the organization was enormous.  That the office environment was open, and you could see hundreds of fellow employees simply by standing up and looking around, only reinforced the message of conformity of purpose. 
Further, in times of disagreement, the highest ranking person in any group would cast the sole and deciding ballot – dictatorial decision rules were the norm, and no concessions were offered to, or expected from, lower-ranking group members.  With this model of team dynamic, it’s no surprise that Dick Strong maintained his belief in his inherent morality in the face of numerous internal warnings and, eventually, faced crisis in the form of an investigation by the New York attorney general and a denouement of permanent expulsion from the securities trade.  
When we have the power to structure team dynamics, we will attempt to encourage open door (but not open architecture) and open mind policies.   From our experience, we have learned that environment is not only formed by the people in a firm (the individuals), but also by the firm’s environmental space itself (the situation), and we will attempt to shape our managed groups and individual spaces to allow for the freest flow of thought.  
