In many ways To the Lighthouse is a troubling text when viewed from this perspective, and one of the most troubling aspect are the views presented on marriage.  Mrs. Ramsey resides at the center of the story, and one of her main concerns is marrying off all the unmarried and young women around her. At one point Mrs. Ramsey is in the garden with her husband, admiring the flowers she has planted.  This section is troubling enough on it's own, as Mr. Ramsey does not see the flowers so he does not see his wife and all of her accomplishments.  He merely remarks on them, and thus her as a means of paying lip service and allowing her to feel special.  If this were not troubling enough, what breaks Mrs. Ramsey's thoughts on the failings of their relationship is when she sees Lily Briscoe walking with a man.  Even though Mrs. Ramsey is unhappy and unsatisfied with her own relationship she still fins the institution of marriage ?admirable? and would prefer Lily to be unhappy and married, then single and very happy.  To Mrs. Ramsey even though her own life can be very unfulfilling she still sees the systems of patriarchy as the key to female happiness.
However, it is still possible to see the text as managing to challenge the same systems that it seems to uphold at times.  One of the ways in which the text does this is through the relationship between Mrs. Ramsey and Lily when viewed through a gay and lesbian critical perspective. Though Mrs. Ramsey is very concerned with the idea of marrying Lily off'this becomes troubling as it seems as a mere way to uphold the system of patriarchy?it is possible to read this action in another manner.  When examining the relationship between the two it is possible to determine that her desire to marry off Lily comes from a desire to either be closer to Lily (by choosing a man for Lily it's as close as she can get to marrying her herself), or as a means to alleviate the sexual tension between the two.  While Lily in this section is expressing her admiration for Mrs. Ramsey, and in many ways a desire to be like her, she also with her description of her desire to be close to Mrs. Ramsey is signaling a desire to be with Mrs. Ramsey sexually.  She talks about how Mrs. Ramsey would never know why she held her so, and also a desire to see if ?love? could make them one.  While this story emphasizes a desire for the fulfillment of traditional patriarchal roles, it also pushes the boundaries of sexuality and examines the possibilities of female love.
To the Lighthouse is a many layered and complex tale.  It deals with a number of issues and as is presented with the concepts of marriage offers no simple solutions.  In it's ability to convey a story through the use of stream of consciousness writing it portrays the multi-layered and complex realities of the world that we live in.