In an endnote to the text, Williams' briefly explains the nature of his objections to affording rights to animals. He assumes victory on this point by reducing the demand for animal rights to rhetoric, but it seems that his argument is the mere inversion of that empty rhetoric. His reasoning for denying the rights of animals on the grounds that rights are not something inherent, something a creature is born with, unless that creature is equipped with a fairly complicated sense of reason and an ability to place expectations on others. If this were the case, the example of a person with severe mental retardation would, by my account, complicate his argument. This severe mental handicap might hinder a person's ability to level expectations on a given situation or with regard to that person's relationship to others. Additionally, ethical reason might very well go out the window with such cases. That said, is there any reason why we might deny that person her rights, especially if she cannot even recognize them? Williams can only then admit to believing in the asburdity of our sense of chosenness among the other animals. Why must our concern for minimizing the suffering of beings that are capable of feeling pain, a task which is not at all difficult and only gets easier, be connected up to the larger concern for policing nature as a whole? To risk overstating the case, it is as if to say that if we see a man begging for money in the street, we ought to give him either all of our money or none of it, as if to say that giving him ten or twenty dollars or even pocket change would be worthless simply because we could have done more. Third, Williams continues the 'natural' argument by contending that if we are attempting to enact an idyllic picture of "sharing the world" with animals and living out our natural relation to them, then that relationship ought not to "exclude our eating them" (ELP, 216). Here we locate part of a larger problem for Williams. 
The focus of his inquiry is on developing a more complex notion of ethical life, one that marks an advance in our collective thinking which includes decidedly non-ethical interests and practices. Developing our sense of the ethical would seem to obviously involve improving our approach to living by overcoming some of our instincts through reflective reason and abandoning some of our more primitive and outdated behaviors. It seems odd that WIlliams would want to suddenly take recourse to something 'natural,' as though an assumed naturalness of an action is enough of a reason to continue doing it. Our function as human beings within a community is, in part, to deliberate about what practices benefit or harm and in this way Williams' thought suffers practicaly speaking, while those ideas found in reductive theories can claim true progess. The fight for recognition of animal rights would be one such mark of an ethical advance.