Salesmen and Con-Men
	The salesman is a profession which dates back as far as there has been some sort of market economy in the world. As long as there have been products, there has been someone to sell them. However, these salesmen are not always the most honest people. They are known for misleading their customers just to get a sale. This is the image that is portrayed in the many different characters in Melville’s Confidence Man, who are all, in some form or another, a type of salesman. However, when a salesman is overcome by his lies and is overtaken by a changing world, it can lead to ruin, as shown in Miller’s Death of a Salesman. The characters of the Con-Man and the Salesman are linked through their pursuit of the American Dream, but are different in their fates. 
	Although the two stories take place in drastically different time periods, they both deal with the popular theme of searching for the American Dream, and somewhat satirize it. All Willy Loman ever wanted was to be successful in life and for people to like him. However, he ruined his chances at success by failing as a business man and lying to his family. In the end he dies because, as Biff says, “He had the wrong dreams.” The Confidence Man is a little less clear cut, due to the large number of characters. However, rather than one central character with one set of dreams, each of the dozen characters portrays a small part of the American dream. The people on the boat are:
“Natives of all sorts, and foreigners; men of business and men of pleasure; parlor men and backwoodsmen; farm-hunters and fame-hunters; heiress-hunters, gold-hunters, buffalo-hunters, bee-hunters, happiness-hunters, truth-hunters, and still keener hunters after all these hunters.”
Each person is “hunting” their version of the American Dream. The “hunters after all these hunters” prove to be the most interesting – the Confidence Man in his many forms. 
	It takes a certain kind of man to be a salesman. Psychological tests have often been used by companies to determine who would make a good salesman, especially after the rise of popular psychology after World War II. This would fit into the time period of Death of a Salesman, but even though the test did not exist in the time of the Confidence Man, it does not mean the same psychological traits were not present. Psychologist A.J. Snow found that the salesman is “an easy and ready believer” which showed “adaptability, [the ability] of getting along with Tom, Dick, and Harry.” If there is one trait that the con-man has, it is adaptability. Melville shows through his myriad of characters that there is a little bit in practically everyone. However, his con-man is not necessarily as credulous as Snow’s ideal salesman. He just has to appear to be a believer to get along with people. Melville’s herb doctor may not absolutely believe that his medicines can actually heal people, but he convinces other people that they work, even pitifully keeping up his act after he is physically attacked. 
