The problem with Willy Loman is that he really does believe. He believes too much in the “open-ended freedom” and appeal of being able to make your own way in the world that attracted so many men to salesmanship in twentieth century America.  He clings to this idea of an independent salesman making his own way despite the fact that the profession is in its last years. 
	The image of the salesman is shrouded in this type of nostalgia. Early trade cards and posters (some by Normal Rockwell, the king of nostalgia) romantically show the salesman traveling, meeting people and making them laugh. Willy remembers and envies David Singleman, “’cause what would be more satisfying than to be able to go, at the age of eighty-four, into twenty or thirty different cities, and pick up a phone, and be remembered and loved and helped by so many different people?” The salesman has “the magic of personality” and a mystique about him. However, Spears points out that the roots of the word “nostalgia” are more akin to homesickness than bittersweet memories. This definition ironically fits into the nostalgia of traveling salesmen, because although they enjoyed freedom, they always yearned for a home to go to. Willy claims that he missed his wife and kids while he was on the road. All of the salesmen on the Fidèle have some sort of home to go to, or at least a stop to get off at to get away from the floating marketplace. Even the barber shakes his head when the philanthropist suggests he take down his “No Trust” sign, saying “Sir, you must excuse me. I have a family.”
One of the greatest ironies of The Confidence Man is that the boat they are traveling on is named the “Fidèle.” Fidèle, in French, means “faithful.” While some of the characters are faithful to their own causes -- such as the man from Black Coal Company, the charity man, and the herb doctor -- rarely are they faithful to each other on the boat. There is this lack of faithfulness in Willy Loman as well. He is literally unfaithful to his wife and family while on the road. The crowded boat and the constant fluctuation of passengers on the boat afford the unfaithful anonymity. However, it is loneliness that drives Willy to another woman, and no way that he can escape his son when he is discovered, even though he does try to pass off The Woman as a customer. This womanizing, was unfortunately common among traveling salesmen. Cartoon drawings showed salesmen flirting with chambermaids, and one picture even shows a “drummer” jokingly seducing a cardboard cut-out of a woman using a new washing machine. This version of the salesman is rarely remembered in the nostalgia. 
This reputation of womanizers may have been what attracted men to the profession. Other than the fact that it was seen as morally improper for woman to travel unaccompanied for long periods of time, let alone as her profession, the draws of salesmanship were directed towards males. 
