Drinking and gambling were habits among salesmen traveling together, and logically, a kind of “masculine consciousness” developed about salesmen. Almost all of the incarnations of the Con-Man are male. Women are portrayed as being disgusting and evil (Goneril) or as gullible, the “charitable woman”. The men are the ones who succeed in swindling their marks. One man who is portrayed as effeminate is the Episcopal minister who has “innocence, tenderness, and good sense triumvirate in his air.” He is not as successful as “the soldier like Methodist” in defending Guinea.  Willy Loman’s world is that of men. His hero David Singleman, sons Biff and Happy, brother Ben and his father all contribute to his image of what it is to be a real man. He had to be a good father, showing Happy and Biff how well he was doing and brag about how many people loved him in Waterbury, Boston, and New York.  His father who traveled the country selling what he made with his own hands showed the Protestant ethic, and his brother Ben represented the frontier man who took a chance and succeeded. However, unlike the Con-Men, Willy’s men were not successful, with David Singleman dying, his sons rebelling, his father leaving him and Ben seemingly disappearing. The masculinity in Death of a Salesman has failed. 
The Con-Man and the Salesman chase after a similar dream of sorts. They look to become successful, while independently making a name for themselves in the world. However, the Con-Men were successful, whereas Willy Loman failed. The Con-Men adapted to their times and took advantage of their marks using modern techniques (for the time). They walked off the boat relatively successful. Willy Loman, however, was stuck as a salesman in the past. He could not change his ways to manipulate his customers like he used to. He realized the futility of this, and the subsequent let-down of his family, and ended up killing himself. While the Con-Man and the Salesman follow a similar path, the ability to adapt to that path is what determines failure or success.
American Salesmen in Film
Salesmen are intriguing figures in American culture. Intriguing enough to be constant characters in popular movies. The salesman is a profession which dates back as far as there has been some sort of market economy in the world. As long as there have been products, there has been someone to sell them. Movies are a primary source that say a lot about American culture. They are usually made to reach a wide audience, and provide a commentary on the time in which they are set. The success of salesmen depicted in film is dependent on the cultural influences, and their ability to use unique sales techniques. 
The roots of the traveling salesman are in the peddler of old Europe. The peddler tradition continued in America, but died out as interest in mass-produced goods rose. The profession of traveling salesmen soon started an order-taking system in which they traveled with sample products, then sent orders to the home company to be shipped later.
