Traveling salesmen are nearly obsolete in modern American culture, but still survive in companies such as Avon. More traditional salesmen used to rely their personality to sell, and hope for the old-fashioned loyalty to particular brands or stores. However, in modern times more money has been spent on advertising and marketing products. New studies have been developed on both salesperson and consumer psychology. Modern salesmen need more than just a good product, they need to know the what, why and how of what the consumer wants. 
Americans created the first system where an audience can experience a movie. When film was first developed, there was no way of projecting it. However, Thomas Edison and his assistant, W.K.L. Dickson, created the kinetoscope, which allowed a short reel of film to be projected for one person in a peep-hole system. This led the way for a large projection unit called the vitascope. The first public screening on April 23, 1896, consisted of short segments of girls dancing, a boxing match, and waves on the cliffs of Dover. The machine soon gained popularity and spread. The most common place for films to be shown was in old vaudeville halls. Therefore, the audience that was attracted were the working class people who went to vaudeville anyway. In fact, in the early twentieth century, there were complaints that bars and saloons were going out of business because their regular patrons were frequenting movie theatres instead. This new medium intrigued middle class patrons but the atmosphere made them wary, so theatres began cleaning up their image by adding carpets, fancier architectural designs, ushers and service personnel, and advertising as “safe” and “clean.” Audiences continued to grow throughout the middle and working classes, especially during the advent of the widescreen in the mid century. Many movie makers felt this created more of a theatrical experience. Combined with improved sound systems, the result was a slew of movies were made in the 1950s and 60s based on successful stage musicals. 
	The Music Man, based on one such musical, by Meredith Wilson, was released in 1962. It’s the story of a classic con-man type of traveling salesman, Harold Hill. He comes into River City, Iowa, to work his magic. But he gets caught in his lie and caught up in love with the town librarian, and is forced to make good on his original offers. 
	The movie opens on a fraternal scene of traveling salesmen in a train car. The time period is not exactly stated, although the viewer can infer from the dress, mode of transportation, and attitude of the men that it is the early twentieth century, the heyday of the traveling salesman. The men discuss their sales opinions, like whether credit is old fashioned, how the Model T made people restless, and the importance of knowing you territory. It is now, we learn, that several of the salesmen have been run out of town thanks to one particular salesman named Harold Hill, who is accused of “giving every one of us a black eye.” 
