While the salesman is generally accepted in larger towns in this period, many small towns are still very skeptical, especially in the Midwest where railroads are just beginning to reach. Salesmen were seen as big city influences, with their fancy dress and manufactured goods, and were seen as “ruthlessly disruptive incursions of capitalist enterprise.” Harold Hill especially causes a disruption by promising to 
conduct a boys band and to supply them with instruments and uniforms, only to collect on the money and leave. He is exactly the type of salesman that caused the small- town resident to form a distrust of salesmen. He is an obvious con-man. 
	Since this is was originally a 1950’s Broadway play, the social commentary should be taken with a grain of salt. Every character is an exaggerated stereotype. The salesmen are all cocky about their ability to sell. Hill himself is proud of his ability to con, chiding Marcellus, “So you’ve gone legitimate? I knew you’d come to no good.” The Iowa natives are stereotyped as being stoic and unfriendly – there’s a whole song about being “Iowa Stubborn.” However, the one thing that changes their reserved nature is consumption. They celebrate the coming of the Wells Fargo wagon, and the exciting material goods that can come in it. The excitement makes even shy little Winthrop Paroo burst out into song. Mail order services were both a threat and a help to many salesmen. Many catalogues were advertising as being neutral salesmen or cutting out the middle man. This became a threat to the traveling salesman because the mail system could cover much more territory than an actual man ever could. However, for some, like Hill, it is useful in that salesmen could make sales in person, and then have the goods arrive later, or promise that the goods would arrive by mail, then take the money and run. When Hill attempts to do this, he is hunted down. The townspeople resent him for being dishonest, but there is an undertone that they also resent him for destroying their trust in consumerism. 
The uncertain time period creates a strong sense of nostalgia. River City is trapped in a hazy days-gone-by aura, with ice cream sociables, town celebrations in the high school auditorium, piano lessons in the parlor, and sneakily meeting boys at the old footbridge. The errors in the statement of time may not be mistakes, but help create an uncertainty which pervades the human memory sometimes. At one point, Mayor Shinn states that the opening scene is “July the fourth, 19 and 12.” The song “Trouble,” 
mentions the drink Bevo, not available until 1916, and Captain Billy’s Whiz-Bang, 
which was not published until 1919. The Iowa state flag, not adopted until 1921, is prominently displayed. When it comes to nostalgic memories, we don’t always remember exact dates, but we have a general impression of the time period, often through products and material goods. 
Professor Hill also takes advantage of the social conflicts of the early twentieth century. 
