He creates a need for moral order after a pool table is installed in the billiards parlor. This especially pleases the mayor’s wife, Eulalie Mackechnie Shinn, who stands for everything that is old-fashioned and holds the Victorian mentality. She clashes with the progressive librarian, Marian Paroo, who advocates the reading of “dirty books….Chaucer! Rabelais! Balzac!” In pitching his idea for a boys band, Hill tells the parents that it will provide something for the boys to do rather than hanging out at the pool hall and chasing around the chaste girls of the town. He points out to the boys that it
 will be fun and exciting, giving them a way to stand out and be active in the small, boring town. He uses a contrast principal to sell to either group, a selling technique that is “not only the most basic of context effects but probably the easiest to achieve.”  He is accused of not knowing his territory, but he knows his psychology. While Hill may not be the most complicated salesman, he is successful in changing the townspeople through his sales by using the conflicts and consumer culture inherent to the time period. 
While Harold Hill is prosecuted for his obvious lies, Edward Bloom in Big Fish is rejected by his son because of perceived lies. Big Fish tells the story of Edward, who recalls stories about his childhood, travels, love, army service, and career. He was only a salesman for a short period of time, but he used techniques to “sell” his ideas all through his life. William, Edward’s son, has returned to the family home because Edward is dying, and they try to come to terms with each other. Edward says, “I tell stories.” William responds, “You tell elaborate lies.” However, William comes to see that the “elaborate lies” are based in truth. 
	Big Fish emphasizes the importance of myth to the salesman. While salesmen are seen as being inherently dishonest, most of their stories are grounded in some sort of fact. The stories that Edward tells are reminiscent of the old “drummer stories” that were told in the early days of the traveling salesman. A drummer’s job was to get potential customers interest, then lead them to a particular business or service. Drummers often saw themselves as entertainers whose ultimate goal was to drum up business. There were collections of pamphlets that circulated that had drummer’s jokes, “Yarns,” and “Parlor Tales,” often depicting on the cover a jovial salesman making a stiff businessman laugh. Edward uses his stories to embellish the already interesting parts of his life, in order to “sell” them to people. 
Like many salesmen he relies on myth to help him. Earl Shorris calls the salesman “a poet in reverse, deforming words, phrases, the very structure of language – it’s grammar – into clichés.” Most of Edward’s stories are cliché: kids taunting a local “witch,” the small town sports hero, the lovesick underdog. However, these clichés become extraordinary when they cross the lines of reality. 
