Although it is unclear exactly which war he fought in, the time that he is a salesman is in a post war boom era. After a time of desperation, such as after a war or depression, people are attracted to fantastic stories to escape, which is one reason why movie theatres flourished in then 1930s and 40s.  When the stories are over-the-top, they are more likely to attract attention. The more outlandish a promise, the more astonishing the claims of a product, the more interest it will get, even if it is a complete flop. The kitchen shears that can cut pennies and the cleaner that can make any stain disappear are all clichés as well, but every time that their magic is shown, there are interested customers.
The character of the ringmaster Amos Calloway may allude to another famous ringmaster, P.T. Barnum. Known for being one of the greatest showmen, he was also known to be one of the greatest salesmen. He wrote a book called The Art of Money Getting in 1880. Like Edward’s stories, Barnum’s shows were filled with giants, Siamese twins, and other strange sights. He drew thousands of people to his shows and museums with oddities which were mixes of reality and hoaxes. Also like Edward’s stories, Barnum’s attractions were based in some sort of truth. Tom Thumb was really a midget, but he was not really a general in an army. Chang and Eng were real Siamese twins, although he embellished their story. One of Barnum’s favorite jokes was a sign that said “This way to the Egress.” People who did not know that egress was another word for exit were expecting to see some sort of exotic animal. Barnum, like Edward, played on expectations of reality and made them mythical to gain attention. 
When it came time to choose a career, Edward chose the one that he felt suited him the best – a traveling salesman. He said that he had always been a social person so he thought it would be a good idea. He was also attracted by some of the appeals that attracted other earlier salesmen. He got a chance to travel (“From the coast to Western Texas”) and make easy money. Edward chose the profession that he had lived up to his entire life. All the time he had been traveling, he had the persona of a salesman. Even from the time of his childhood, he always spoke confidently and persuasively, a key aspect to salesmanship in order to be perceived as more credible.Instead of running away from the witch, he walked right up to her door and asked to see her eye. This 
experience is supposedly what led to his constant confidence, in knowing that whatever came up, he would come up because “that wasn’t the way it was supposed to go.” This confidence and optimism throughout may be one of the least plausible aspects of his stories, especially the salesman part.  He uses the stories to cover up unhappy times. 
