His most ambitious, and the story that William despises the most, is the story about catching the uncatchable fish with his wedding ring. That is why he is unable to be there for William’s birth. However, later on, Dr. Bennet tells William that Edward was out on a sales trip, and couldn’t get back in time. Dr. Bennet then advises, “If I had to choose, I’d choose the fancy version.” When it comes to selling anything, even if it’s the story of your life, people are always going to prefer the myth to the fact, and this is what Edward relies upon to become a successful salesman.  
 	Edward Bloom is the eternal optimist, but the salesmen in Glengarry Glen Ross are eternal pessimists. On top of the frustration of the rejection faced when trying to sell land in Florida, these four men are forced into a selling contest, where first place is a new car, second place is a set of steak knives and third place is “you’re fired.” This desperation leads the men to plot and deal to try and make sales anyway they can to save their jobs. Ironically, this movie has sometimes been used to teach salesmen how to sell.
	The basis of the movie is the conflicts. The most obvious conflict is between the 
bosses and the employees. However, the bosses are mainly silent. Williamson has the fewest lines of all the main characters. Blake appears only in one scene, not even long enough to be given more than one name. However, that one scene is the most memorable in the entire movie. There is a clear separation between management and the salesmen. Many salesmen, especially traveling salesmen had limited contact with the actual heads of the companies they were selling for. It was promoted as independence, but salesmen were still put under great pressure, and all the time expected to stay completely loyal to their “parent” organizations. We learn that Blake isn’t even that high up on the chain. Even he was sent “from the people downtown.” But still, he is fancier, drives a BMW, and wears a watch that costs more than some people’s cars. However, he did not get this all from sales, only forcefully “inspiring” others to sell. In this sort of organization, the salesmen are the bottom, even though they provide the work in order for these other men to get ahead. 
 	However, another main conflict deals with the salesmen themselves. Although they are in a contest, they are not necessarily competing with each other. There is a great dichotomy between the older salesmen (Levene and Aaronow) and the younger salesmen (Roma and Moss) In the opening scene, Shelly Levene is calmly sitting in the phone booth, talking coolly to a customer. Moss comes to the phone booth next to Levene’s and complains about the “fucking deadbeats,” and then forcefully talks to his customer. The movie is based on a play by David Mamet, and much of the stage lighting has been translated into the cinematography. 
