During the first day of action, there is a constant interplay of red and blue light, contrasting the agitation that the salesmen face, and the calmness that they have to show to the customers in order to make a sale. Levene uses a technique that is sometimes referred to as “Killing with Kindness” when he offers to take time out of his busy day to try and visit people even though he is only in town for a short time (all of which is completely false). He uses a “sitting in the kitchen eating crumb cake” approach. Roma, however, brings in a more modern and dishonest approach to the reciprocity effect when he gets a prospective buyer drunk, talks with him about personal matters, and then pulls out a brochure for the land he is selling. 
	The pressure that is put on the salesmen eventually wear them down, to stooping below even salesmen tricks. As Levene tries to get Williamson to give him the new leads, he complains that “cutting a deal is the only way for an old salesman to get ahead.” We don’t know exactly what is wrong, but we get the impression from some of his phone conversations that he has a family member in some sort of hospital care. It is also very likely that he is suffering from the severe drop in income that occurred in the late 1980s which caused the “inability of the salesman to maintain the continuous rightward shift of the demand curve.” The other older salesman, Aaronow is reduced to a bumbling yes-man. His sales calls have lost their confidence. He hardly has a line in the movie that is not a repetition of what someone else is saying, especially when he is interacting with Moss. Moss is even able to sell the idea of breaking into the office to the old salesman. He points out that “we’re a dying breed…That’s why we got to stick together.” While Aaronow may be part of the dying breed, Moss still has a chance being a young, aggressive salesman. This especially portrays the older salesman as pitiful, because nothing is more pitiful than a salesman that gets fooled by his own kind. While Moss and Aaronow are the ones who plan it, Levene is the one who actually acts on the plan. He is eventually caught, admitting that “I’m not cut out to be a thief, I’m cut out to be a salesman.” The salesmen have become so desperate to make sales that they resort to betraying their company and their fellow salesmen, ironically because of the demand put on them not by the customer, but by the company itself. 
	The dishonesty and betrayal seen in Glengarry Glen Ross is almost nothing as compared the actions of the salesman in Fight Club. A nameless main character is disillusioned with life and the “Ikea nesting instinct” that he has developed. At first, he finds solace in sitting in on various support groups. Then he meets a tough soap salesman, Tyler Durden, on a business trip, and they create a new support group for themselves and other men – the Fight Club. 
