The club eventually evolves into a terrorist group, as the main character continues to become more and more disillusioned with life. 
	In some ways, the main point of the movie can be seen as a hypermasculine response to the feminization of consumerism. As the Victorian era dictated that women be in charge of home life, this also meant that they became responsible for buying for the home. Salesmen began playing to women, and using women as representations of abundance in order to sell. While the social status of women has changed drastically 
since that time, consumption is seen as mostly a female attribute. Tyler points out to his companion “Why do guys like you and I know what a duvet is? Is this essential to our survival, in the hunter gatherer sense of the word?” Tyler’s business card, his introduction when making a sale, has a feminine cherub design on it, in order to attract the business of more women. What the women who buy the high priced soap don’t know is that the soap that they are buying is made from fat from liposuction, therefore they women are not only portrayed as superficial, but almost primitively cannibalistic. 
	As seen also in Glengarry Glen Ross, sales is a men’s club. The only women in 
Glengarry are the coat check girl at the Chinese restaurant, or merely voices on the phone. The only woman in Fight Club is Marla, who is also addicted to going to support groups. She is drugged up and highly sexual, and also highly threatening. She will expose the narrator if he exposes her, so she forces him to split up the group sessions. However, 
when she hooks up with Tyler, she is seen as a “weaker person latch[ing] onto a stronger person,” especially when she calls after overdosing. The other character who is closest to feminine is Bob, who has lost his testicles and has “bitch tits.” He is almost immediately in line to reclaim his masculinity by joining up with Project Mayhem. Ironically, when the narrator realizes that he is Tyler, he turns himself in to the police, 
and find out from the police who are members that if anyone interfered, even him, they were to be castrated. All who were threats to the organization were female, or made to be female. Femininity is consumption and a threat to masculinity.
	Fight Club starts out as a show of male bravado. Tyler tells the narrator “I don’t want to die without scars,” a male badge of honor. They are not allowed to talk to others about Fight Club, showing a masculine silence. They are not allowed to wear shirts while fighting in an animalistic display. When Project Mayhem completes it’s first organized attack, the men celebrate with six packs around a TV, a common sight when a group of males get together. Tyler is able to sell his idea for his guerilla group 
using stereotypical maleness. He is exploiting a trait which is seen as feminine, the need for a weaker person to latch onto a stronger person. 
