Researchers studying cults have notice that while there is no specific type of person who joins a cult, many factors are common. They join:
“when life is at its most confusing…tend to be at an unhappy point in their lives…they’ve experiences recent loss or disappointment…in limbo between meaningful affiliations…[and] are generally unsure what to do next with their lives.”
The men who join the group all fit into these categories somehow. The only difference is that the narrator, instead of being intrigued and pulled into the cult, he is disgusted and pulls away from it. Tyler feels the need to regain the male role in society, which has been lost through the feminization of consumerism. He creates a rebel group as “a way of compensating for a sense of disempowerment created by a contemporary culture in which the white male no longer occupies a central, unchallenged, normative position.” Krister Friday suggests that the whole basis of Tyler’s identity and masculinity lies in masochism. While the fight clubs start out with literal masochism, Project Mayhem evolves into a more abstract form of masochism. However, it is still masochism nonetheless. And in the end, it is masochism which causes the final separation between the narrator and Tyler. Everything eventually goes back to the specifically male and primitive trait of masochism.
The whole point of Project Mayhem is to take down modern consumerism. At 
first they targeted small areas, from the very roots of the project when Tyler threatens a convenience store clerk with death if he didn’t go an be a veterinarian instead of working in the store. They then target “corporate art” and franchises which are stereotypically earmarked as centers of consumerism, such as a Starbucks-like coffee shop. The culmination of the project however, is destruction of all the major credit card headquarters in the financial district. Towards the end of the century, with debt mounting for not only individual Americans, but for the country itself, credit cards became a threat to personal freedom. As Stewart Ewen put it: 
“the definitions of ‘freedom’ and ‘choice’ were being unified and firmly implanted in the conception of loyal commitment to the political, religious and social arenas encrusted by brand names and consumer credit.”
The original worry about consumer credit was that it could make everyone social equals through material goods, but subsequently keeping the less wealthy in constant debt. Everyone could buy Ikea furniture, but not everyone could afford to pay off all of the credit card bills. Tyler instead wants to create a new form of social equality. His idea is that “if you erase the debt record, we all go back to zero.” If all debt were erased, the country would no longer be oppressed by the feminine force of consumerism. Tyler uses the threat of consumption combined with the crisis of masculinity to sell his plans.
	In a completely opposite vein is the optimistic salesman. The Pursuit of Happyness is a film based on the autobiography of Chris Gardner, who went from being a failing medical device salesman to founding the Gardner Rich brokerage firm. 
