Along the way he has to face his wife leaving him, being evicted not only from his apartment, but then a hotel as well, being homeless and in an unpaid internship while taking care of his young son, Christopher. 
	The father/son relationship shows up constantly with salesmen. Among these examples, it is most positively seen in Pursuit of Happyness. In Big Fish, when Edward becomes a salesman, it leads to him being a failure to his son, even from birth. While at 
first, young William enjoys his father’s storytelling, it is eventually what drives them apart. Fathers are absent in both The Music Man and Fight Club. In the Music Man, Mr. Paroo has tragically died somehow, leaving to poor Winthrop being raised solely by his mother and sister. In Fight Club, Tyler tells the narrator that his father left his family when he was young, and that his father had several families scattered across the country. He blames the problems of society on the fact that “we’re a generation of men raised by women.” In Glengarry Glen Ross, the one time that fatherhood is specifically mentioned, it is mocked and trivialized when compared to selling. When Moss says that he wants a decent job so he can be a good father, Blake responds, “Good father? Fuck you. Go home and play with your kids.” However, Chris has a healthy and positive relationship with his son. Although at times Christopher is upset and confused, he seems to realize that his father has control of the situations. Several times, their body language suggests that they have lost their closeness, it is always restored. When they spend the night in a subway station, they sit rather far apart on a bench, separated by the machine, the machine that always gets in the way of Chris’s success. As he creates a fantasy about dinosaurs, Chris and Christopher get closer together, ending up in their “cave” of the bathroom, lying together against the wall. Unlike many of the other salesmen, Chris includes his son in his sales career. He always informs Christopher what he is doing to help, from studying to pass the broker exam to fixing the last machine to sell it. Instead of shutting Christopher out of the masculine world of selling to be raised by a female consumer, Chris includes him, allowing them to have a positive father/son relationship.
	Chris’s pursuit is characterized as chasing the American Dream. Throughout the film, Chris connects with Thomas Jefferson. The wall next to Christopher’s day care has a small mural and the slogan “Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happyness.” Chris tries to insist to a man who owns a store next door that “there is an I in happiness.” He insists, not only because he is worried about his child’s spelling ability, but almost insisting that there is happiness for “I,” as in, he deserves happiness. Sometimes he doubts himself though, wondering whether Jefferson wrote the word “pursuit” because it is a pursuit without an end. 
