There is also a symbolic loss of the dream. Christopher always carries around his Captain America doll, but he drops it as they are running for the bus. He is very upset, but Chris promises him a new doll. Instead of a new doll, Chris completes his new dream, going from an intern to a big-time stockbroker. 
	While the marketing, packaging, and reviews of the film created a sense that this was a feel-good, underdog success story, it is also an important example of the perils of modernity, especially to salesmen. Chris’s job in the beginning of the movie is as a 
wholesale “jobber.” Jobber’s are salesmen who buy goods in large amounts from companies with their own money, and then sold them to retailers to make their money back and make a little profit. In Chris’s case, he is selling bone density scanners, a large heavy machine that he carries from doctor to doctor, trying to convince them that it is a piece of equipment that they need. By 1981, when the movie is set, this type of selling is rare, even in the medical field which often relies on pharmaceutical representatives to travel and provide information and products to hospitals and doctors. While Chris is traveling on foot, he notices a well dressed man driving an ultra-modern sports car. The man tells Chris that he is a stockbroker. Chris decides to change his career, applies for an internship, and is initiated into the modern business world. During his orientation, it is evident how even the geography has changed. Instead of having to know the territory “from the coast to Western Texas,” they are dealing with companies “over on the 1200 block…across the street,” all places they can see outside of the office windows. However, while the office environment is updated and modern, Chris is slightly more successful than his fellow interns because he uses some old fashioned techniques, such as using humor and anecdotes, and even making house calls in hopes of selling a package. Chris’s wife Linda tells him “Salesman to intern’s backwards,” and Chris replies “No it’s not,” because he knows that he will still be a kind of salesman, just an updated version. Eventually, Chris sells the last of his bone density scanners and gets a full time job at Dean Witter. By combining old and new sales techniques, Chris proves that all he had to do to succeed was to become a more modern version of a salesman.
	Salesmen have to deal with all kinds of situations that other professions overlook. They are in constant contact with people. Their ability to convince people makes or breaks their job. Whether it is the beginning or the end of the century, a time of depression or abundance, salesmen must change along with the public. In order to make successful sales, all salesmen use psychological tactics, whether it is contrasting differences, guilting them with acts of kindness, or playing on their weaknesses to form a cult following. 
