Their charming persuasiveness, their ability to weave stories, their moral failings, their way of getting in people’s heads, and their need, like the rest of us, to succeed in America, are what make salesmen so intriguing.
Salesmen are in many movies, but are not often the subject of such study. Shorris points out that “with the advent of movies, something happened to culture that had eluded artists, writers, and composers for thousands of years: It became important.” Culture has affected movies just as movies have affected culture. Barry Levinson, writer of the sales comedy Tin Men, points out that one important aspect of our culture is sometimes overlooked in movies, “People say ‘Why salesmen?’ We don’t say ‘Why cops?’ or ‘Why the mafia?’ Salespeople are at the core of the workforce in this country.” Salesmen are inevitable in our life in modern American consumer culture, and they must compete with different aspects of that culture in order to survive. Salesmen will always be around, and will continue to evolve.
Gamers Unite
	Tension grew in the dark, crowded room as the fight continued. It was a close fight, and both contenders were growing weary. Amid the noise, a clear chant rose from the crowd.
	“Jigglypuff! Jigglypuff! Jigglypuff!”
	It wasn’t the fight of the year, but a round of Super Smash Brothers Melee in a tournament held by the BU Video Game Society. Over 100 people packed a classroom in CAS where 3 TVs with Nintendo Gamecubes were set up, as well as a Gamecube hooked up to the overhead projector. Nils Brasz, Vice President of the Video Game Society, predicted the tournament would attract about 30 players. Once the games started, there were 88 players and over 20 spectators. The unexpected turnout reflects a growing social trend in video games.
Brasz said that they chose Super Smash Brothers Melee for their first tournament because it was the most popular game at the weekly meetings. Players can fight with an assortment of video game characters including Pikachu, Mario, and Sonic the Hedgehog. The game can be played with up to four players, even though for the tournament style it was played with only two. 
“Single player games are having a falling out,” Brasz said. Along with Super Smash Brothers Melee, other multiplayer games such as Super Mario Party and Mario Kart are the most popular with gamers at BU. 
The image of the lone, geeky gamer is being shattered by modern gamers. Among the players and spectators, there are plenty of bespectacled engineering and math majors, but there are just as many people sporting Abercrombie and BU Hockey t-shirts. 
“Everyone has gamed at least once, even if they won’t admit it,” said Kent Lee, a freshman in CAS.
“In the past there were more stereotypes, but now gaming is going more mainstream,” said Varnit Kothari, a freshman in CAS. Not only are more people playing, but gaming is inspiring other mediums. There are thousands of websites devoted to gaming tips and speculations about new games. 
