Daughter of Whores
“Zorana, come with me.” 
Aunt Soyinka pulls me silently out of my room. I had been washing clothes and costumes in the tub. My cold hands disappear into her rough hand. 
“What’s wrong?” I ask.
She isn’t listening to me. I am too small for her to care about my questions.  Her dark brown hair bounces with each step. My hair is boring, black and straight. It doesn’t even bounce. It just lies there, dead.  
We creep up the stairs from the common women’s quarters, enter in the dining room, and speed through the hallway. The floor is warmer here, rugs over wood. Downstairs is naked concrete. 
Several women are in the hallway. At the front door, Madame Jaturen has her arm around a shadow half her height. Jaturen is taller than most of the women here and acts like a man. Her shoulders are never hunched over. She walks with her arms at her side swinging, instead of crossed over her chest like the other aunts. Her head is always held up, so her dark brown hair with its white strands at her temples sways back and forth across her shoulders. I try to walk like her, with my head up, but I end up tripping over my feet. 
The shadow standing by Jaturen runs to me. That’s when I realize it is a boy. I have seen one boy before. A man led him around Zeus square, proudly introducing him as a future White Guardian. The man’s son even tried to kick a passing woman. He missed.
This boy standing in front of me has a mud colored face with darker eyes and hair. When he smiles, it looks like white stones rolling out of murky water. His eyes bulge out a bit, as if the person who dropped them into his head didn’t have time to push them in.  
“He’s called Laram.” A voice booms. I look up to see Ianos. He has thick arms, thick black hair and filthy teeth. Hair grows on all sides of his mouth, as if caging it in. Aunt Soyinka says it keeps his mouth from wandering away. When I ask her why our mouths don’t wander away when we don’t have so much hair around them, she tells me to finish cleaning the dishes. 
One of Ianos’s hands falls onto the boy’s shoulder. Laram races to stand behind me. 
Ianos snorts. “Little runt.” 
Laram isn’t little. In fact, he is bigger than I am, so it looks ridiculous for him to hide behind me. But Ianos is big, so everything must look small to him. My aunts say he’s puffed full of empty air. 
They also say he’s my father. That only means we share half the same blood, Aunt Chatelet says. “That doesn’t mean you are the same, you don’t even have to like him.” 
When he looks at me, he sneers, making a crease by his nostril. But he looks differently at Laram, the way the patrons look at my aunts, and this is worse. 
