He looks this way at Laram until man calls him into the main room where they’re drinking until tonight’s show.
Laram whimpers softly, like the sound a wounded puppy makes when you walk by. Puppies and kittens crowd the streets now that animals are a woman’s fancy and unmanly. “No one may touch the filthy effeminate animals.” Another rule. The White Guardians have a lot of rules. I had to ask Aunt Chatelet what ‘effeminate’ meant. 
Laram is bent over my shoulder like a heavy stalk. I pet his muddy hair. He chuckles. Now he sounds like a bird, chirping at the rise of the sun. 
“There isn’t room anywhere else. He’ll share your bed, Zorana.” Aunt Chatelet says, a little smile now that Ianos is gone. “I don’t want any bed business.” Everyone but Laram and me laughs. ‘Bed business’ must be a funny woman thing. 
“Oh, he is staying?” Aunt Soyinka asks. “We don’t need another hungry mouth.” 
“He’s an Elemental.” Aunt Chatelet says. Her voice always sounds as if it’s on the verge of crying. Even her laugh sounds as if it could topple over into sobbing. “Ianos claims that he got him to help set fires for the heat, water for baths. The poor boy. I don’t think he can talk.” She rubs her hands together, right palm against the back of her left hand. I think she must be cold, down to the third layer of her costume. Two more dances and she would only have the thin veil keeping her hair up. The veil takes forever to put in place so that when she pulls it off for the final dance, the pins don’t rip her hair out. Her hair should fall down over her face like a curtain and the men get very loud. 
“He smells,” I say after smelling my fingers that had been in his matted hair.
“Well, Zorana, help me draw a bath.” Aunt Soyinka says, pulling both of us by the shirt collar to the side bathing halls. The others talk more about Laram and a sale in the square. I guess that’s why they didn’t let me out to get our rations. 
In the bath chamber, Aunt Soyinka pulls off Laram’s clothes while I start to throw logs into the fire under the smaller tub. The fire is crackling and the water is steaming in no time. I am about to look away from the fire when Aunt Soyinka scolds, “Get out. Don’t need you looking at a boy so early.” 
I am at the door when Laram starts making choking sounds. Hiccups mixed with sobs. “Ugh,” my aunt says before calling me back. “Only if you walk backwards and only hold his hand. Nothing else. And don’t look at him.” 
“I don’t want to look at him.” 
I sit beside the tub with my back to Laram. My arm feels numb as I reach over the rim of the tub so Laram can hold it. He coos as he presses his cheek to my hand. 
