“Already he can seduce women,” Aunt Soyinka scowls, but she’s laughing so she doesn’t really mean it. “Little brat indeed.” 
“Ianos said ‘little runt.’” 
He switches hands so Aunt Soyinka can wash them both. 
“All of that. Can’t even speak and Ianos spent a hundred sorus on him. A skinny thing. We should call him Bones!” 
I turn to see how skinny he is but Aunt Soyinka shouts at me to keep my eyes on the wall. I sit still and pull on his fingers with one hand. They seem skinny enough, the knuckles barely more than the bones around them.
“Ah, lice!” Aunt Soyinka makes a splash as she takes her hands out of the tub. She walks to the cabinets on the sides of the bathing chamber and opens the cabinets. There are nail clippers, filers, scissors, and other beauty supplies in case the patrons ask for a special treatment. Sometimes I have to cut a man’s nails while someone else does his hair. They say I’ll be able to do the hair when I am old enough to look over the tub and not laugh at what I see. They always laugh after that. I don’t understand this joke either. 
Aunt Soyinka returns with the razor for cutting men’s beards in her hand. Laram must have seen it too because he is making a splash, pushing himself against my side of the tub and yelping. 
“Oh, keep still. Just taking off that infested mop.” Aunt Soyinka rolls her black eyes. Aunt Chatelet says there isn’t such a thing as black eyes, but I don’t see any other color in Aunt Soyinka’s eyes. Aunt Chatelet would correct me, “Black isn’t a color.” 
Laram must not understand that Aunt Soyinka isn’t going to hurt him because he is holding onto me with his wet arms as if the underworld is about to suck him into the drain. I try to breathe but he is stronger than he seems. 
“Stop,” I cough out. “You’re hurting me.” 
He loosens his grip. I turn around, even though Aunt Soyinka had said I shouldn’t. He’s pressed against the tub and all I can see is his bony chest. I hold his hands and rub the fingers to distract him. He smiles and rubs mine back. 
Aunt Soyinka doesn’t yell at me for turning around since Laram is quiet now and she can work on his head. She wets the soap and covers his head with bubbles. The razor slides along his scalp. The hair falls onto the water and floats for a while before it gets heavy with water and drowns. Tiny black specks appear in the water too.
“Eyes up here.” Aunt Soyinka orders. I look up and laugh. Only one side of Laram’s head has hair. He blushes, lowering his head. Aunt Soyinka growls and I have to hold his head up for her to cut the hair. 
His cheeks fit perfectly into the center of my palms and he doesn’t fight against me. 
