Laram stares at me, which makes me wish he was fighting against me instead of staring. Then I wonder what he’s thinking, coming to a new place only to have all his hair cut off. 
“Strange to have someone new here, huh?” Aunt Soyinka asks. I nod, not taking my eyes off him. “That’s how I felt when the rest of you got here. I had to train all of your aunts on the trade, how to make the root soup, how to dance and make a man drunk with only your eyes. Now, what do I have to teach a boy?” 
“He’s an Elemental. He’ll know what to do.” I say, patting his cheek. He chuckles, because boys can’t giggle, and his cheeks rub against my hand. 
“Lame,” Aunt Soyinka says as she swipes the razor through the water. “That’s what Laram means. Well, as I told the others, welcome to the Dawning Dusk.” 
“The biggest women’s house in E’xin.” I complete the greeting. It’s what we say to all the patrons. “What do you mean ‘others’, Aunt Soyinka? All of you were always here.” I watch each patch of hair fall onto the water. 
“Ah,” Aunt Soyinka laughs, sharp like the blade. “Where do you think we came from?” I have no answer. “Well, I’ve always been in the trade, since I ran away from my parents.” She clicks her tongue with a sigh. “Bunch of hardheads. Left me in the house for days on end. I broke out once. They brought me back in and nearly chained me to the bed. This was years before the White Guardians took over. I was a whore long before every woman was forced into the trade.” 
A whore is a woman who dances on stage and sometimes in rooms with a man. 
Twelve years ago, the Brilliant Guardians of Masculinity against the Dark Schemes of Women, White Guardians for short, overthrew the Queen and Parliament. All women were forced into government controlled women’s houses to keep women out of the way while they advanced the nation. But they still come to women’s houses and make the rooms smell and leave the whores with bruises. The opposing men were enslaved and sent to the Colonies or killed. I wonder if the Queen is in a woman’s house. Aunt Chatelet said the Queen was very old. Maybe they killed her. 
“Turn away, Zorana.” 
I spin around and keep my eyes on the far wall. I start counting the bricks. One. The water splashes, reaching out to touch the rim. Two. Laram laughs. Three. I want to tell Aunt Soyinka that it tickles when she’s trying to dry you, but she’s telling me to get Laram some clean clothes. 
I keep my back to them as I walk toward the door. Laram makes the sounds for me to come back but I don’t stop walking until I am through the hallway and in the public dining area. Most patrons prefer the main room where there can be a hundred men at the tables, so this area is usually for men who want to talk and not watch the shows. 
