We serve the men meat, white rice, and enough sauce to dribble down your chin and still have enough for the cook to throw out. Women are allowed brown rice with vegetables for every meal. “They think women will grow fat if given the chance,” Aunt Soyinka would say with a shake of her hips.
“Looking for something?” Jaturen calls out from the stove in the kitchen. 
“Clothes for Laram.” 
“Could give him a set of yours. We’ll get a ration for another set in a month.” 
My clothes are the standard issue for young males. Plain and grey, long sleeve tunics and long trousers. “The girl clothes make you an easy target for the Guardians.” Aunt Soyinka had said. “And you’re too small.”
In the dining room, there is a door so narrow that many customers think it is a closet so they never touch it and don’t know it leads to the women’s quarters. I open the door, slip down the stairs and head into my room at the back of the hall, the door nearly under the staircase. Fumbling around my bedding, I find my spare shirts and trousers. Under my bed is where I keep the two rocks I found by the canal when it nearly froze over last winter and the stick I use for writing on the dusty floor with Aunt Chatelet. After grabbing the largest set of clothes, I race upstairs. 
“Sorry,” I say when I bump into Oliku. 
“Hm,” she says, her eyes not quite focusing on me. She looks lost, but I don’t know what else to say. I scurry past her into the bathing chambers. 
“My, you’re fast.” Aunt Soyinka says, holding Laram behind her. I throw her the clothes. Laram picks at them. “Back out!” 
I return to the kitchen, watching Jaturen. Inside the pot is dark brown. She must have stolen some meat from the men’s dinner. 
Years ago, Aunt Chatelet had a severe toothache and couldn’t even sit up in bed. Jaturen stole three bottles of liquor from the main room’s bar. Once Aunt Chatelet had drunk two and a half bottles, Aunt Soyinka pulled out the tooth. But Ianos counted the bottles every night and while Aunt Chatelet was recovering, Ianos locked Jaturen up somewhere. My aunts wouldn’t tell me where she was. At midday Jaturen was in the kitchen again, limping to the cupboard for flour. When I asked her if she needed help and she said, “I can manage.”
Jaturen tilts her chin toward me, “Do you want to learn how to cook?” 
“Maybe later.” I stare at the fire. It dances and flares the way that some of the women have to dance on the stage. “Can I ask a question?” She nods and keeps stirring the pot. A bone bobs up and she quietly pushes it back down. “Aunt Soyinka said she had to train the other aunts. Where were they before they got here?” 
“Who? We all have our histories.” 
“Oh.” I frown.
