All I wanted was a story. My aunts tell me pieces of stories, sometimes repeating these pieces, like polishing a stone to make it shiner each time. I know the pieces, shiny pieces, but never the whole. “What’s yours?”
“I worked as a teacher,” says Jaturen. “Among my many charges, according to the Guardians, was corrupting the young minds. They chained me.” Jaturen shudders roughly. “Threw me onto a stage. Said I was sure to produce strong sons, seeing as I was always around children and---and.” Her face freezes, as if she’s caught in a memory, in a time I cannot reach. She releases a laugh that makes me shiver. “So I cut myself. No need for the root soup after the knife slid in. Slow and steady, under the belly, pull to the right.” 
I nod because I can’t talk when she makes me feel the coolness of the knife as it passes through my belly. A shudder makes the cold go away. In the eye inside me, I still see blood and metal. Jaturen gives this eye another picture, of waking in a hospital bed and hurting until someone says she’s done lying around. They assign her here as a domestic servant to Ianos because she is too scarred for the patrons. We call her Madame because she doesn’t have to dance so she is better than us. 
“And Aunt Chatelet?” I ask after the image fades. 
“A nun.” She laughs. This time it is a bitter one, as if laughing to blunt the pain. “A damned nun of the purest worship, pulled from her holy path to work for men. I guess they get a thrill out of having a holy woman. Dirty rotten—”
Aunt Chatelet has told me all this already.
“And Lurelai?” I interrupt her. “My mother.” 
“Lurelai…sweet thing. I think she only told Deryr her story. But both of them….” She trails off. I’ll remember not to ask any more questions. I know the story of their deaths. I wanted to know the story of their lives. No one seems to know. My aunts were the women closest to my mother in this house, and they can’t give me one story, one piece of her life. 
Jaturen shrugs and turns back to her cooking. I sneak back into the bathing chambers. 
Laram is twirling around in his new clothes. I pick at them. He picks at my skin, pinching me. I pinch him back. He makes shapes with his fingers. 
“Strange little bugger,” Aunt Soyinka says. 
“I think that’s his way of talking.” I turn towards him. “Do you understand me?” He nods. “Can you talk?” He shakes his head. His fingers move again. I stand still. His hand reaches out and grabs mine. He bends my fingers into a fist and presses it against the center of his chest. 
“I hurt you?” 
He nods. 
“Oh, sorry.” 
He smiles and shrugs. 
“Show him your room.” Aunt Soyinka says as she begins to drain the water. 
