“He looks tired.” Laram mimics a yawn and rests his head against my shoulder. I pull away, laughing. 
Together, we pass the kitchen, where Jaturen is pouring out a ladleful of thick bone soup. 
“You must be hungry, child.” Her hand reaches out to touch Laram. His face reddens immediately, sending me into laughter. With his eyes on the floor, he takes the bowl and shuffles back to the dining room. Jaturen pats my raven hair and reminds me that my room is a horrible mess. 
“And would you like to hear the rest of our stories?” she asks, smiling. I wonder how she keeps the nightmares away with all these stories in her head. My aunts have only told me of happier times when they could do whatever they wished. 
“No.” I admit. My stomach still aches from her story. “Another time,” I quickly add, seeing the sadness in her eyes. 
While Laram eats, I head down the stairs and turn into my room. There are fifteen rooms down here and about four women to each room. I sleep alone in the smallest room, a drying room for clothes. In the winter, it is toasty with a fireplace. The bed is between the fireplace and the door from the hallway. Aunt Chatelet called it the most auspicious arrangement. I’ll have to ask Aunt Chatelet what ‘auspicious’ means.
I remove the bedding, trying not to see the stains on the bed. This is the same bed where my mother and her unrelated sister died. The stains won’t wash out. No one would sleep in it but me. What can you expect from a child of death? Last spring, one woman here called me that and threw a chrysanthemum bud at me. Aunt Chatelet held me the whole night while I cried. I don’t think I am so deadly; I haven’t killed anyone since birth. 
I throw the sheets into a cauldron of water over the fireplace for washing. A dry set is on the line strung across the room. 
As I finish tucking the stray ends away, Laram walks into my room with Aunt Chatelet behind him. “Strange,” she says, her red hair tangled around her shoulders. She must have just finished her dance. “He knew exactly where you slept.” 
Laram looks up at her and whimpers. 
“All right, not strange.” She corrects herself. 
He smiles meekly and taps his nose. 
“I think he smelled me.” I step away from my bed, suddenly feeling uncomfortable. My aunts have never allowed a man to see my room before. But Laram is hardly a man. 
He coos as he pokes at my bedding, then walks to the fireplace. 
Without a word, he places his hand onto the cauldron. I am about to shout until I see him laughing. He pulls his hand back and claps it against his thigh. In a moment, Aunt Chatelet and I are beside him. Aunt Chatelet softly rubs his uninjured hand. 
“Fire won’t hurt fire.” She says calmly. 
