“And he’s an Elemental. If he is pure and good, the five elements will never harm him.” 
“Five?” I ask as Laram yawns and leans his body against mine. I point him to the bed, finding it ridiculous that he should find me more suitable than a bed, especially when he is so much bigger than me. 
He whimpers. I pull him to the bed, where he crawls around on the covers before settling in. 
“Fire, water, earth, air and metal,” Aunt Chatelet answers. She knows the secrets of the world, understands the finer workings, whatever those are. Someday, she promised me long ago, she would teach me the secrets, too. I look forward to her lessons, but not Aunt Soyinka’s. 
Laram is asleep in a moment. Aunt Chatelet pats his forehead and smoothes his hair. I would say that she looks like a mother but nuns of the purest worship cannot have children. Aunt Chatelet said, in giving up the earthly pleasures, whatever those are, nuns are more heavenly than the rest of us. I wonder if they are related to angels. 
“Aunt Chatelet,” I start slowly, carefully picking my words. “You said that the God and Goddess exist. Why isn’t the Goddess helping the women now?”
She sighs heavily, placing a hand over the place where her beads would hang around her neck if she were allowed to wear them. “Perhaps the White Guardians have killed her. While God mourns the death of his wife, he has turned away from us.” 
“You said some beings are reborn. Will the Goddess be reborn?”
At this, she lowers her eyes. My words have hurt her. I wish I could take them back, swallow them and bury them back inside me. 
“We better let him sleep,” she says. 
Maybe the Goddess is dead forever.
I nod and am about to rise when Laram’s hand grabs my wrist. Looking back, I see his dark brown eyes, flickering in the firelight. 
“Well, you should stay with him then.” 
That night after Aunt Chatelet has left, I ask him his age. He shrugs, eight, nine, ten. 
“My aunts tell me that I’m five, but I’m not half your size. And I remember more than five winters and five summers. All my aunts say I’m wrong. I think I remember when the painting in Zeus Square said ‘Year Four of the White Guardian Reign’ so I could be eight. How far back do you remember?” 
Laram stares at the ceiling as the music for the show starts. It’s the ‘Dance of Spring’. In a few weeks, we can use real cherry blossoms instead of prop ones. I don’t think the men even notice. 
He finally turns onto his side and presses his fingers to his forehead then brushes off the imaginary dust. 
“This is important.” I insist. “Ianos said once I’m thirteen I have to start dancing and I want to know how much longer I have until I have to.” 
I don’t even know I’m crying until Laram is hugging me and my tears are staining my, no, his shirt. 
