In his arms, I feel safe. In my aunts’ hugs, I’m still not safe. Maybe he can keep us safe. 
I have no nightmares for nearly a month. Maybe Laram keeps them away. Maybe nightmares don’t have a chance to start because we wake up when the other person moves. 
“One more time,” I tell Laram one hour before the night’s show. The main room’s chairs are turned up on the tables and the floor is wet. “One soap up, two rinses.” I stand to stretch out my aching knees. Laram takes the bucket to change the water. 
Aunt Soyinka is sweeping the stage, but stops as she relays a message from backstage.
“Hey, Zorana, need your help with a dress.” 
I duck behind the curtain by the main room’s entrance where there is a door leading to the stage and backstage. The dancer has gotten a little bigger so the laces aren’t coming together enough to make a knot. After a while, she gives up on that dress and I return to cleaning the floor.  By the bar, there is one clean bucket of water but no Laram.
Out of the main room, I walk across the foyer to the bathing chambers but in the corner of my eye I see a rag on the middle of the stairs. I told him we weren’t allowed upstairs when a lady is with a patron. 
I make my way to the sixth of twelve steps. Laram is standing in front of the fourth door. He is looking into a room where the door is ajar. 
A lady is laughing. “It’s so little!” The laughter stops with a crash. She must have broken the small thing. 
“Laram,” I call out in a hiss. I take another step. Aunt Soyinka’s on the stage and she would be very upset if she saw me on the stairs. 
“Fucking bitch,” a man shouts. “Filthy whore.” 
There is a whimper but it is cut short.
Laram pushes the door open and disappears into the room. The man is cursing and the lady is shrieking. Laram’s ruined her dance. I run up the stairs, down the hall and into the room. The man with a sheet wrapped around himself is still yelling and he pushes right by me. The stairs creak and his voice becomes faint. 
The lady, bent over so that her face is hidden by her short brown hair, is thanking Laram. “You shouldn’t have seen this.” Her voice is broken. “Thank you for stopping him.” She is almost as small as I am. Her oval face, the color of rotten mangoes, ends with a sharp chin. Her chin is smeared with red lipstick. There are four lines of another shade of red around her neck, marching up into her hair.
“Oliku.” She straightens when I say her name. 
I grab Laram by the arm and try to pull him out before the man complains to Ianos. 
“We’re sorry.” 
“This boy,” shouts the man as he enters, still holding onto the sheet. 
