He is covered with hair, especially his chest and back. “He utterly ruined my—my time with her.” 
Ianos steps in. Laram’s hand tightens around mine. We start to walk around the men to reach the door.
“You will receive a discounted session,” Ianos says and I feel his eyes on us as we scuttle out the door. 
We are on the stairs when Oliku shouts “No!” and I am so startled, we nearly fall down the stairs. I have never heard her raise her voice before. Laram and I run for the main room. 
Aunt Soyinka is already in the doorway with her hands on her hips. “What did you do?” 
“It’s not my fault,” I say when I hear Ianos’s thump-thump down the stairs. He has Oliku by the hair and he swings her into the hallway. She collapses into a pile on the floor. 
“Get someone up there now.” Ianos says with a swift kick to Oliku when she tries to stand. My side aches as if he had struck me instead. He spits at Oliku before he turns into the bathing chambers. 
Aunt Soyinka says nothing as she struts upstairs. To the patron, she exclaims, “You’re going to be begging for me to let you go.” 
After a long time, Oliku finally stands and meets Laram’s stare. “You’re right,” she says at last as if he had spoken. Her thin hand smoothes back her hair as she walks to the bathing chambers. She pushes the door open with a bang.
“I quit!” She shouts into the room. “Do to me what you will. But I will not dance one more step. I will not bow to one more man. I will not submit.” 
The silence buzzes in my ears. Then Oliku is on the floor again and Ianos is at the door. The women from the main room are behind me. We are all statues. 
Ianos seizes Oliku and carries her up the stairs. “Little good-for-nothing,” he keeps muttering. His face is sweaty and red. 
Oliku is louder. “Damn all the insecure, small-pricked White Guardians to hell.” She kicks Ianos between the legs. He falls to the bottom with a heavy sigh. Oliku is hanging onto the banister at the top of the stairs. “Ha! This is only the beginning of your fall.” Her hands move in crazed gestures, out, in, pointing, threatening with fists. She spits at Ianos as he comes at her again. It lands on his cheek.  With one hand, he wipes it off while the other smacks Oliku across her face. She stumbles backwards into his bedroom. I follow, with Laram behind me and the rest of the women behind him. 
Ianos is shouting by the time we get to his room at the top of the stairs. “You want to rebel? You want to step out of your rightful place?” His hand wraps around her throat and he heaves her across the room. Oliku soars before the wall stops her. 
