She slumps down against the wall like a sack of stones. 
I step towards her but Laram’s arm is around my waist. Looking up at him, I see his gaze is elsewhere. I follow his line of sight and see Ianos pulling a crate from underneath his bed. 
The crate is rusty, as long as Ianos but its width is only the length of his forearm. There is a grated square on the top, the rest is thick iron. Ianos pulls out his keys, dozens and dozens of keys on a string. He picks out a small one, black with age. The crate opens with a clank. Dust flies everywhere. Ianos thumps across the room and throws Oliku over his shoulder. 
“Oh no,” someone says. I think it is Aunt Chatelet. 
Ianos doesn’t hear her and throws the unconscious Oliku into the crate. He shuts it with a bang and locks it. My heart hurts. I cannot breathe. Ianos pushes it under his bed. He walks to the door and sees me looking up at him. 
Unblinking, I stare at my father, the one who had killed her by creating me.  I wonder how fathers treated daughters before the Revolution. Either way, that was a time long gone. I will not give Ianos the honor of being my father. 
Ianos slams the door. No one moves for the longest time. I have stopped breathing. Laram finally places his forehead on my shoulder and the air rushes into me. There are inaudible murmurs throughout the women’s house. Slowly, we return to our chores. 
In the main room, I collapse onto my knees and start to scrub the floor, though my tears are blinding me. 
I barely know Oliku. I barely know her story. Surely, I can’t be connected to her if I don’t know her. She sometimes would be so quiet, it seemed like she disappeared. Now, she’s someone else. I didn’t know the mute Oliku. I certainly don’t know the screaming Oliku. 
My stomach suddenly tightens as my tears fall to the floor. 
No, I am connected. I can see what she probably sees now as she regains consciousness. She sees the darkness. Her hands feel the crate, rough against her skin. Her fingers trace the opening, only to find the gaps between the gratings too narrow for her hand to fit through. 
I throw the rag back into the bucket. Laram follows me into the kitchen where I empty the bucket and ignore Jaturen’s questions. The early patrons are starting to come in and I run down to my room. I crawl into the bed, my legs and arms suddenly too weak to hold up my heavy body.
As I lay curled up in my bed, Laram pokes at the embers. They refuse to grow. He picks up a log and covers the top with his hand. When he removes his fingers, the log is bright orange with the promise of heat. Turning my back to Laram, I face the wall. 
