I finished counting the bricks many years ago. I have started counting the crevices of the individual bricks. Usually, I am asleep by the time I get to the second brick. 
Laram slides into bed beside me and places his nose against the back of my neck. 
“I’m all right.” I lie. He takes a deep breath, tickling me with the air. I laugh a little before turning to face him. He holds out three fingers. A bright blue light appears, with an orange light underneath. The fire orb lies within the water, complimenting it instead of fighting against it. I wonder if such opposites could coexist elsewhere. I wonder if women and men can do the same. 
The laughter ends when we hear Oliku in Ianos’s room upstairs. She cries out without words, throwing daggers at us cowards who lie in our beds and laugh while she suffers in the crate. How can Ianos sleep with her under his bed? 
I close my eyes and let the tears stream onto the pillow. I suppose women and men cannot, not like this. Laram covers my ears with his hands. I open my eyes to see a shield over the bed. There is no sound. I gingerly reach out to the top of the shield. It ripples at my touch, like watery air. Laram smiles, his eyes bright. 
“Why can’t you save her?” I ask. “You got her in trouble. Why are you so useless?”
Laram holds out his hands to show they are empty. 
“You have more than I do. You should have stopped him.” 
Laram signs frantically. Save her, they hurt you. Not big enough to save you too. His hands become still and he too begins to cry. We curl into each other’s arms and cry ourselves to sleep. 
I wish I could sleep forever, or lie under the shield with only Laram and the fire. I wish I am deaf so I could not hear Oliku crying in the morning when the shield is gone because Laram is asleep. I wish I could eat but I cannot because Oliku has been in the crate all day and she must be hungrier than I am. When I sneak up the stairs after Ianos has left for the day, the door is locked. 
“Oliku?” I call out softly to not draw attention. I don’t know why I am calling her. Maybe it’ll make me feel better for not helping her. 
“Zorana?” Oliku’s voice is muffled through the door. “Where is Ianos?” 
“I don’t know. He left before breakfast.” 
“Sweet child.” Her sobs penetrate the door. “Promise me something, little one.” She pauses, waiting, thinking. “Promise me that you will change this.” 
“How?” 
 “You must kill the White Guardians, every one of them.” 
I stumble away from the door. “It’s treason to even think of killing a White Guardian. I can’t. I’m too little.” 
“No, never think that. I thought I was weak and I was ready to give up. 
