Then Laram — I had to do something. You have to be strong and fight, Zorana. You cannot inherit our fears. The others are afraid to act because the White Guardians have taken their past lives. You were born into this, you have nothing to lose. You can’t have a life under their control, not as a woman.” She sighs heavily. “Promise me, and I will die with some hope.” 
“But you won’t die.” I whisper. 
“Don’t promise that. All of us die.” She laughs, I think. It could be sobbing. “The difference is whether or not we are at peace when we die. Will you promise?” 
Before I can answer, there is a loud knock against the front door. I have to run downstairs because I’m the doorkeeper. I open the door, expecting the usual patrons. Instead, there are two giants and Ianos. The sun is behind them so I can’t see their faces. I open the door wide when Ianos shouts at me for not having my head bowed. How can I bow my head when at eyelevel I can barely see their shoulders? 
The two giants storm up the stairs. Ianos follows. His door creaks open. I hear Oliku again. She is hoarse, but still able to scream. “You dirty weaklings,” she spits out. The crate’s heavy door crashes onto the floor like thunder. The two men grunt and they reappear at the top of the stairs. Her arms drape lifelessly over their shoulders. They carry her downstairs and she is mumbling. “My spirit will haunt your dreams, your sons’ dreams, and your grandsons’ dreams.”
I hear the rush of the aunts as they come in behind me. As she passes the door, her eyes meet mine. Suddenly I feel naked, humiliated, defeated. I look away. She laughs as the men drag her out. 
Ianos follows the men and I follow all of them with the women behind me. Once outside, Oliku regains her voice. “Men of the world, this damned world, beware of the powers of women. Beware the blood we shed. Watch us as carefully as you wish. But you will never find the source of our power. We will destroy you with our invisible allies. We work to your doom, boys.” She looks directly at me, directly through me. “The next generation has the power to take you down.” She winks at me the moment before one of the men strikes her against her cheek. She falls to the ground, limp. The other man picks her up with one arm. 
“That is not enough!” she shouts, spraying blood across the wet street. It rained the night before and the skies are still clouded.
Oliku spits on the man who hit her. Direct shot to his cheek. He wipes it off briskly before throwing a closed fist against her temple. 
“I am undead!” She screams, with one eye shut. “You cannot kill me. I speak your greatest fears, losing control, losing your manhood.” She’s almost laughing now.