One man rushes to his carriage. It is a big crate, with a seat on top for him while the horse leads. He climbs onto the seat and grabs something big and flat. It glints in the sun. 
Someone behind me gasps and tries to pull me inside, but I am stuck to the cobble streets. 
The man walks back to Oliku, and I can no longer see her face. He lower himself onto one knee, bringing Oliku’s head down. Her face is against the dirty sidewalk. The glinting knife rises over his head. 
“Ha, all you men know is violence and physical force. Women have the stronger forces. Women’s magick!” Magick, that’s the first time I heard of it, and her last word. 
In a perfect story, the knife goes down but she is a Wizard. Oliku survives, breaks her chains and saves us all. But life isn’t perfect. In a near perfect story, Oliku’s head falls after the knife does and rolls to my feet. Her eyes would stare up at me. Her lips would still smile. I would be overcome with this magick she speaks of and save all women and defeat all men. But life is far from perfect. In reality, the knife drops. There is a snap, then a gargle. The knife raises again, blood dripping in lumps, and falls again. Her head drops, bounces, and rolls toward the gutter. The man with the knife grabs it by the hair and holds it up to Ianos and the rest of us. 
“This is what will happen if you step out of line.” He shouts, holding the bloody knife down so the blood drips onto the street. The blood is thick. 
“First level is punishment in the crate. Then we will come to educate you. This woman.” He shakes the head. Scarlet droplets appear on the stones by the man’s boot. “She was beyond reeducation.” Blood drips. The man’s hand pulls up the hair, pulling up her eyelids and her cheeks so Oliku is smiling. But that’s not Oliku anymore. 
“Look at her!” He points to the body, now slumped on the street. I can see the spine, white bone, red blood. Her clothes are stained dark around the collar. 
He looks directly at me and smiles. “The White Guardians will reign until time’s end. Do not dream, little girl. Dreams get you killed.”
He turns back to the bystanders who have gathered. Mostly men, enjoying a good blood spilling. Some women, rooted to the spot.
The fingers around my hand are now on my shoulders. Jaturen pulls me into the women’s house. My legs move without my knowledge. 
Once everyone is ushered inside and the door is closed. The music from the stage starts again. The murmurs of patrons drown the voices of the men shouting their commands outside. 
My aunts are talking in harsh whispers. They point their fingers at each other and then at me. 
“Jaturen,” I say, but my voice sounds different. 
