“Tell me the stories again.” 
“What stories?” She says as she approaches me, and then crouches.
“Everyone’s stories,” I answer. “They hurt and give me nightmares, but I want to know. I’m ready now.”
Her brown eyes become bright, like earthy stars. She draws me in close, letting my chin rest on her shoulder. Aunt Soyinka and Aunt Chatelet gather around us. Laram lingers by Aunt Chatelet’s side. With one hand, I reach out to him. 
“Together,” I tell him, “we are safe.”
Laram clasps my hand in his, lacing our fingers together. 
Together, we’ll be stronger.
----
For several months after Oliku was killed, my aunts arranged for me to stay inside while Laram handled the chores. Most days, I tend to the door. I open the door and direct the men to wherever they should be. They pay in sorus into a slotted box. I am not allowed to handle sorus, but we’ve handled them before when men pay for their drinks and no man would trust another to put the money into the box. Once they have paid, I stamp a bit of paper and hand it to the man for admittance. Two weeks ago, one of the women was beaten for letting a man pay with false sorus. She is still limping. They haven’t caught the man yet, because we don’t know which man used the fake coins. 
Ianos should be the one doing this but he is rarely here. He calls us filthy and unnatural. The Guardians, there are so many of them, they patrol the women’s houses every day.  
When the door is slow, usually after the men’s lunch break, I clean the tables in the two main parlors. The one closer to the door is for the gambling, drinks and a dancing show. The one in the back is closed until the later hours. I’m not allowed to go in there while there is business because I should be asleep by then. 
Once the lunch crowd has left, I head into the main room and take my bucket of cleaning tools of rags and sponges. I call it ‘my’ bucket because no one else uses it except Laram and me. We are the only ones not part of the shows. Aunt Soyinka says that I can’t see over the stage yet, so I can’t be on stage. I don’t point out that there are at least a dozen women here who are just the tiniest bit taller than me. She would probably tell me that even that tiny bit counts. 
There are only two men today because it’s the beginning of the week. As I clean the unoccupied tables, I notice one man is playing cards with Aunt Soyinka. She hands out his cards, wins, and recollects the cards for the next round. The man is distracted, staring at Aunt Soyinka but not seeing her. 
“Excuse me,” someone whispers. I nearly jump, looking away from Aunt Soyinka’s companion to the second man. He is narrow faced with long clean hair.
