I know it’s clean because I can’t smell it. 
“Did I startle you?” 
“No.” My voice cracks, betraying me. “What do you need?”
“A drink. Treyt, if you have,” he says with a smile. He’s new. All the regulars know what drinks we have. And that smile is not the same smile as the other men. It is a kind smile, the sort I’ve seen on my aunts faces. Men who visit the Dawning Dusk have smiles that scare me more than a snarl.
I walk to the bar in the back of the room. I hear his footsteps following me. I slide behind the bar and touch my hip with the heel of my palm. A blade is there, a present from my aunts once I was given bar duty. It isn’t enough to kill. Nothing we can get our hands on is long enough. But it would injure a man enough for me to run. 
I pull out a glass, rinse it, and pour the Treyt. It is nearly clear except for the hint of red from the berries. I hand him the glass, his hand brushing mine. It is coarse. He must be a farmer. The usual patrons work in the city with paper and have soft hands. A man once grabbed me by the hair when I poured too little into his glass. That’s why I have the knife. It would have been worse if Ianos thought I was pouring too much for the men.
“Thank you,” he says and brings the glass up to his lips. The words startle me. The law clearly states that no kindness should be shown to a female. My aunts told me that nearly all courtesy phrases have been forbidden. Yet this man has the boldness to thank me. I touch the blade again. 
The bell above the door rings. I walk to the door, feeling eyes burning on my back, and sit at my post before the door. A group of men, ranging in size and stature, are wearing dark purple robes. Their robes make it difficult to tell how many there are. I wonder if I should call Aunt Soyinka for help with the crowd. 
“She looks about the right age,” one of them shouts while pointing at me. 
“You can’t expect her to be the first child you see, fool. She looks older than ten.” 
“How could we have delayed this for ten years? You are incompetent.” 
They continue shouting until Madame Jaturen comes down from her room. “What brings such chaos?” She asks as she searches their faces. 
“We’re looking for a Wizard-born girl,” one of them answers. He is bald, with shoulders I could sit on and still have space. If he was hollowed out like a tree, I could curl up inside him. He grabs me by the arm and picks me off my seat. “She looks like the child.” 
“Wizard-born!” Jaturen shouts with a laugh so mighty it makes her cheeks red. 
