“She was born from one of our girls. There is a Wizard-women’s house up the street. Perhaps that is what you were looking for. There are no female Wizards in this house.” 
“She is right,” says a shorter man. His finger is pressed against his palm as if demanding sorus. His face is wrinkled in concentration. I stare at his long hair, like that of a woman. “The woman here tells the truth.” 
I gasp, suddenly realizing these men are Wizards. Thankfully, Laram is out in the marketplace. If they found him and took him--.
“But,” he continues, “we know of one Wizard who was kicked from the Wizard-women’s house down the street and traveled to this one. Once here, he believes that he was with a woman. Should that woman had not been prepared to reject a Wizard’s seed, she may have been impregnated. And should she had given birth, we cannot allow a Wizard-born male go untrained, and a Wizard-born girl go unrestrained.” 
“Girl,” the bald one says as he grips my arm. My fingers are going numb. “Your mother was named Deryr, yes?” The others lean in. I can almost see their eyes widen as they enter my mind. It is the same sensation as the eyes on one’s back, but from the inside out. 
“No, her name was Lurelai.” I say. “My mother, Deryr, and the Wizard-born died after the birth.” I take care not to say ‘my birth.’
“She tells the truth.” The hairy Wizard nods with a frown. “Then it does not matter we arrived ten years late.” 
“But I sense magick on her.” The bald one grabs both my shoulders and bends down to see my eyes. 
“She sleeps beside a lame Wizard,” Jaturen explains. “They are the closest of friends.” 
“But you can’t take him!” I yell at the bald man. “He’s mine.” My voice is cracking and my eyes are leaking and my face is getting hot.
The bald Wizard grunts, his eyes moving sideways rapidly as if reading my thoughts. “Do not let them copulate, else we will come again for that child.” 
I blink back the tears but the blush remains. 
“I don’t want a child with Laram!” 
The rest of the Wizards start laughing too. Jaturen winks at me and slowly leads the Wizards outside. 
“Poor Cavalcanti,” one Wizard says. “Keeping that secret ‘til his death bed about possibly having a child with a mortal woman. Poor man thinking he had a child when all along the child died at birth.” 
“Well, even if a child only has half a Wizard’s blood, they can still be strong as a full blood, for they are Wizard-born not Wizard-learned.” 
“Pah, I still say you are incompetent.”
The voices melt into the clatter of the street, venders shouting out their produce, men shouting of their conquests. No women though. We don’t make any sounds anymore. 
“I’ll take the door,” Jaturen clears her throat. “You have barroom duties.” 
