I rub my face and walk back into the main room. 
The man is still there, spinning the last bit of his drink in the glass. When he sees me, he waves me to his side. My heart jumps. He wouldn’t want to do anything with a girl, would he? Even if he was filled to the brim with the hardest of drinks, certainly he would prefer a woman over a girl. 
Reluctantly, I shuffle to his side. He drains the glass and sets it down with a crash. Aunt Soyinka looks up from the gambling table. Neither of the men notices. She lifts an eyebrow and touches her throat. I gingerly touch my left earlobe with my fingertips. Her head turns back to the cards but her eyes stay on me.
“You,” the man says. Startled, I turn back to face him. In the dim light, shadows cover his eyes and his upper lip. “You look like my daughter.” 
“Oh,” I say, partly relieved. A man wouldn’t want his daughter when there are so many other women ready for their urges. 
“She was your age. What, ten, eleven?” 
“Ten.” 
He sits back and the shadows grow taller on his face. His frown wrinkles his chin until he seems to see that I am truly ten and he nods. 
“Ah, what a sprout.” He laughs at his own joke. 
I tug at my hair, the strands that grows behind my ear. 
“She did that too. Nervous habit.” 
I quickly release my hair and form fists at my sides. My head drops down, staring at my standard-issue sandals. A shadow appears and touches my chin. He forces me to look into his eyes. 
“She had that same look the last time I saw her eyes. Fear,” his voice trembles. “That was more than fifteen years ago, the time of the Revolution.” The tears glisten as they tumble down his cheeks. “She heard what the men wanted the women to do.” He starts choking. He sounds like Laram when you leave him without explaining why. I guess they both hate being left alone. 
“She was twelve and already knew why she had to stop going to school, why her older sister disappeared, why the White Guardians dragged her mother, Heavens let her soul rest wherever it is, out of the house.” He releases my chin to wipe the tears away. 
“Twelve years old, and strong enough to take her own life.” 
He sits there for eternity, staring at his glass, turning it every now and then to spray the counter with daggers of light. Aunt Soyinka stops dealing cards, because her man is sleeping off his drink on the table. She looks over at me, then at the man now hunched over on his seat. 
Before she can walk to me, the man is at his feet. He slams his sorus onto the counter and turns to stare into my eyes again. Between his long fingers, the same fingers that held my chin a lifetime ago, rests a soru. 
