“My daughter loved chocolate.” Another set of long fingers latches onto my wrist and pushes my unresisting fingers away from my palm. He presses the soru into my hand. It is warm, and slightly wet. 
He leaves without looking back at me. 
When I hear the door slam shut, I turn to the soru. It is small, perfectly round, lustrous. There are symbols on the side, reading the White Guardian’s motto and their talisman. In the center, there are either jade, pearl or onyx pieces depending on the value. This one is a shadowy onyx. During my scrutiny, I hear Aunt Soyinka putting away the sorus for the drink. 
“That was called a tip.” She explains. I turn about to face her, my palm still open. “I got those when I was a waitress.” I am silent, not understanding. “What are you going to buy with that?” She leans over the table to inspect the soru without taking it out of my hand. 
Laram would have to do the buying. Men use sorus, women use rations. Rations are worth less than sorus which is why shopkeepers can refuse to serve a female. We have rations only for things we absolutely need. “Keep us from getting fat.” Aunt Soyinka had explained.
“What is chocolate?” I whisper as I trace my finger along the groves. 
“Good choice. That should keep. Don’t want Ianos smelling it, or other animals who may want to eat it before you do.” 
“They won’t.” I say with a smile. “I’ll tell them not to.” While mosquitoes torment my aunts, they never enter our room. But, I suppose, it could be Laram’s doing. 
Unluckily for me, it is summer, and Aunt Soyinka warns me against getting it during the warmer season because it will melt in your pocket before it reaches your lips. I have to wait months until I can get it. 
When Aunt Soyinka whispers to Aunt Chatelet of my prize at dinner, Aunt Chatelet whispers back that the soru could have bought several herbs she needs. 
“Let the girl have her fun,” Aunt Soyinka says as I noisily wash the dishes. “Don’t you miss chocolate?” 
“And what of Samantha, Yael and Margie?” Aunt Chatelet stares at her hands and clenches them into fists. I realize I had not seen the women she has named. The three of them are not a part of a close group, but when I place them side by side in my mind’s eye, they look like sisters. They are Aunt Soyinka’s size, full bodies, but they have straight red hair like liquid fire. I strain my ears to hear Aunt Chatelet. Perhaps their similarities made them sensitive to the same ailment.
“I’ve tried herbs to cleanse, to strengthen, even the dark root to kill a possible parasite. Nothing has worked, Soyinka. They’re withering like a garden without rain.” 
Aunt Soyinka places her elbow on the table and rests her chin in her hand. “It’s the sickness of too many men. 
