When I was on the street, women who couldn’t protect themselves and those who didn’t care, they died off like this. One of the patrons must have infected them. Careful, Chatelet, he might like redheads.”
Aunt Chatelet stiffens. “I can’t do anything about venereal diseases.”
Aunt Soyinka shushes her. I can’t hear what else she says as other women drop their dishes into the sink for me to wash. I want to turn around and offer my soru to Aunt Chatelet, but what if it was a venereal disease, what ever that may be. Could it only spread from man to woman? Could it spread the other way? Were the rest of us in danger of catching it too like the illness that passes through every winter? 
I have been thinking too long and by the time I finish the dishes, the women are on stage or in bed. Laram returns from his errands, entering noisily through the back door. He offers to help me clean the tables while I relay to him my lucky find and what Aunt Chatelet had said. 
That evening, I decide I will give Aunt Chatelet my soru in the morning. 
When the sun rises again, at breakfast Aunt Chatelet is listless. She has dark circles under her eyes and even Aunt Soyinka is silent. 
“It is too late,” Aunt Chatelet mumbles after I offer her the soru. “Ianos reported the women to the Guardians and they took them last night.”
“Oh.” For a moment, I am relieved. “Will the Guardians cure them?” 
Aunt Soyinka laughs, harsh and abrupt. “No. They found the man infecting women. There are six others, from what I’ve heard from the other women’s houses. But his charges aren’t about harming us. No. The Guardians are charging him with placing other men in danger by giving our girls the sickness. Once the trial is over, they will—they won’t need the girls anymore.”
Beofre I can ask if that means that they will return the women to us, Madame Jaturen enters the kitchen and motions to me and Laram. We excuse ourselves from my aunts. Aunt Chatelet stares into her bowl.
“You’ll be out all day, so dress warm. There are only a few chores, but you must be gone all day, do you understand?” Jaturen hands me the rations to purchase food and a bundle of bread and cheese. “Don’t return before nightfall.” 
For the day, we wander. We walk purposefully, as if we had a destination and couldn’t be stopped. Laram and I walk to the edge of the marketplace and sit behind a vacant stall to eat our lunch. The voices, all of them male, swarm around us. I can smell the spiced meats, imported fruits and the sweat of the crowds. The Guardian’s painting is on the far side of the market. 
“Do you know what’s going on?” I ask him with a lump of bread lodged between my teeth and cheek. 
Laram shakes his head and presses his hand over his heart and makes the sign for Jaturen. 
