“I trust her too.” I frown, unhappily not knowing. 
Run? Laram signs, gesturing over his shoulder. 
My eyes widen. He signs again. 
“No.” I grip his arm. “They’ll hurt the aunts. They’ll find us and kill us. Or, are you leaving us, leaving me?” I feel the tears running down my face.
Laram pulls his sleeve out over his fingers and dabs at my face. No, I meant, do you want to move over there.
“Oh.” My face is warm and I hope my face roughly. “Right. In a minute.” 
My legs ache by the time I return but my fatigue is forgotten when we come around the front of the Dawning Dusk. The doors are closed and a sign hangs over the doors.
Closed for inspection. 
“Do we have rats?” I ask Laram. A few weeks ago, a women’s house down by the marketplace had a similar sign and I heard men talking about rats scurrying about, sometimes into the occupied booths. 
Laram pulls me aside just as the doors open. We huddle in an alleyway as Ianos and another man exchange farewells. My heart is beating fast and I can feel Laram’s rapid breaths on my neck. 
The man takes the sign with him when he leaves. Ianos reenters the women’s house and shuts the door behind him. Laram and I head further into the alley until we can double back around to the rear of the women’s house. Jaturen and Aunt Soyinka are in the kitchen, cooking a small meal. 
“Good,” Jaturen says as she turns to see us creep in. She turns back to the pot. “The doctor just left. They’re the worst.” 
Laram and I set down our small bundle of food. 
Aunt Soyinka pulls two bowls from the cupboard. “I remember when you would have been encouraging your child to be a doctor. It’s just another man who sees you without clothes, Jaturen.” 
My stomach is aching from hunger, but I wait for Jaturen to spoon out the stew. 
“I saw the worst of the Guardian’s doctors while I was healing at the hospital. It’s different when you’re lying there in one of their beds. So long ago, we could trust them. They had an Oath.” Jaturen sets the bowls on the counter and leaves without looking back at us.
At the end of the winter, we finally find the perfect time for chocolate. It is after the last frost, but before the real warmth starts. I gently push back the ashes in my fireplace and find the coin. Despite the dirt, it is still brilliant. After I hand it off to Laram, with detailed instructions from Aunt Soyinka what is the best chocolate there is to buy, I sit in the kitchen waiting. It is evening, just before the rush. I am supposed to be asleep before the rush, because if I am not, the noises will keep me up. 
With a knock at the back door of the kitchen, Laram has finally returned. 
