Like a snail, he slides in with agonizing slowness. We stumble down the stairs and race into our room.
We collapse onto our bed. The space between us is for the mystery of the chocolate. Laram produces a shiny wrapper, matching the soru we had just spent. He gives me the honors of unwrapping it. The aroma is startlingly sweet, tickling at the back of your throat and teasing you until you give in. The appearance wasn’t as interesting. It looks like frozen pieces of mud. There are sixteen even sections. Aunt Chatelet taught me division last season when we shelled peas, but I don’t know how to ration it out to five of us. 
When Aunt Soyinka appears for her share, she gives a giddy laugh. “Oh, I haven’t seen anything so good in years.” I do not understand what the great excitement is over this chocolate that looks like a piece of dirt. She takes four pieces and tucks them into a bit of the wrapping before putting it into her bra. 
Aunt Chatelet, still in costume, retrieves her pieces after her first dance for the evening. In the flickering light of the candle, she glows. Pieces of red fabric hang across her chest and over her hips. 
Jaturen comes down to call her back upstairs for the next dance. Aunt Chatelet slinks back upstairs with her three pieces. Later, Jaturen, in her coarse brown robe, creeps in for three pieces, leaving six for me and Laram. 
Laram takes a piece just as the music starts upstairs. His tongue edges toward his piece. After a lick, he shrugs and pops half of his portion into his mouth. His eyes turn soft and he lies back on the bed. Smiling, he stares at the ceiling and seems in a trance. Two droplets of water form over him and dance around in elaborate designs. Laram makes them disappear and juggles around two fire orbs with his fingertips. 
That’s when I realize chocolate makes you do strange things. At least, if you are a Wizard.
I take my two pieces and lick them slowly. My tongue feels rough after the first piece, though I notice that it is sweeter than most of the fruits we get around harvest time. I break off a piece with my teeth and feel the piece disintegrate in my mouth. I understand why my aunts and the strange man’s daughter loved it so much. 
With the last pieces remaining, Laram and I agree that it should be kept for later. He hops around the room, trying to find a better hiding place than the fireplace. Finally, we decide on the far corner of the bed, opposite of where we sleep. The piece is flat enough so that it will not be flattened any more. 
We forget about the piece of chocolate for a few more months. I am eleven and Laram is twelve, thirteen or fourteen. One of those. 
We still sleep in the same bed, though sometimes we have to roll around for some time trying to find enough space. 
