“We should let him move out,” Aunt Chatelet suggests over dinner. “There is a spare bed in Ilirran’s room.” 
Laram mocks sobs and hugs me tightly. We laugh. Aunt Chatelet chides him for clinging to me as if he was the younger child. He regains his composure and starts eating his meal with great vigor. 
“We could move the bed,” Aunt Chatelet says, shaking her head at his silliness. Laram chirps his agreement. 
Before we can move the bed, Ianos growls and all the aunts have to retake their posts. Laram and I try to move the bed, but seeing that it is across the hall and too large for us to do it alone, we deal with one more night of sleeping beside each other. 
“Laram,” I grumble, “that’s my arm.” Laram continues to rub his cheek against it. “I’ll miss you too.” I manage before laughing. Laram coos against my arm, sending strange vibrations up to my shoulders. I pet his hair and allow him to use my shoulder as a pillow. After all, it is the last night he will be allowed to do such a thing. 
The music has died away so it is late, way past the witching hour, as Aunt Chatelet would say. I am awake, wondering where we could put the other bed. It will probably go right beside mine, so Laram can roll around all he likes. 
My door creaks open. I nearly sit up in surprise but Laram’s head is in the way. I think it is Ilirran, checking to see if the extra bed is really needed here. 
The figure approaches. A large arm, larger than any of my aunts, reaches under the covers. Startled, I pull Laram’s arm to my side. He stirs, whimpering. Then he screams. A fire orb appears above our bed. Ianos is above us, his chest bare, save the mass of black curly hair at the center. 
Laram rolls away from Ianos, into me. Ianos’s eyes glow as he reaches out for the boy curled up in my arms. 
“No,” I wrap my arm around Laram’s shivering shoulders. 
“Stupid girl,” Ianos grabs my arm and flings me across the room. I land on my side. As I try to regain my breath, Ianos lifts Laram over his shoulder and walks out of the room. Laram’s hand reaches out for mine, mixed with whimpers and tears. He makes a sound I never heard before, begging, pitiful and sharp. 
My hands push me off the floor but my ankle collapses. On the floor again, I hear Laram screaming. No words. Only a deafening noise that shatters the spirit. 
In a perfect story, my ankle, my body, would not have failed me. In a perfect story, my aunts would have rushed from their rooms and stormed Ianos, ripping Laram from his arms. But this is my story, my life, full of imperfections and broken bodies. I am forced to hold my ankle still until my body heals. The usually quick response and recovery feels like an eternity as I hear Laram shouting out for me, for anyone. 
