My ankle finally feels stable as I struggle to stand. Realizing I am whole again, I run to save the other part of me. I race up the stairs, around the hallway, to the front stairs. As I reach the top, Ianos’s door slams. My fists pound against Ianos’s door, in rhythm with Laram’s screams. I do not notice my aunts and Jaturen behind me until someone’s hand is on my shoulder 
“Child,” Aunt Chatelet says softly as she wipes away my tears that I have not noticed. “Let him be. It will be over soon.” 
“No,” I shout, bewildered at my aunts lack of action. “Why don’t you care? How can you let Ianos to hurt Laram?” I turn back to the door. Laram screams so loudly I must cringe before I restart my attack on the door. 
I throw my fists against the wood. It begins to splinter, crack. Someone grabs my arm, others follow. I am held up by my arms, my feet hover over the ground. I kick at the air, trying to reach the door. Maybe if we break it down, we can grab Laram and stop Ianos.
“What is all that noise?” Ianos shouts. The door opens. Ianos has one arm on the door; the other hand is straightening his pants. 
Laram’s naked back is to the door, the sheets covering his lower back and legs. I hear him sigh before his body falls through the bed, falling through to our bedroom.
“Let her go,” Ianos orders. My aunts reluctantly drop me to the ground. Aunt Chatelet’s hand is on my shoulder. Ianos ties his pants and laughs.
“Noisy little thing,” he growls as he stares down at me. “Would you like to be with your friend?” As he laughs, I look past him, to the now empty and unmade bed, to the steel crate. I have not seen the crate since Oliku misbehaved. No one dared to cross Ianos after that. I look up at his smiling face, and see only Laram, calling out for someone to help him. No one had. 
My fists form at my sides. 
“Oh,” Ianos stops between chuckles. “You want to hit me?” He sneers. “I could hurt you much worse.”
Time becomes a blur. Heat rushes up around my fingertips yet my bones are icicles. My hand rises. It connects with a soft part of Ianos. His breath is lost. I meet the beast’s eyes.  
“You will never hurt anyone anymore,” I declare. 
In his eyes, I see fear. Is it fear, or is it recognition? Does he see someone he wishes he didn’t? Does he see his own creation ruining him? Does he see this child of death, after finishing off her mother’s life, now going after him? 
Without a word, I walk away from Ianos, down the stairs, down the hall, down more stairs, and find Laram in our bed. He is rolled up under the covers. His face is turned to the wall. 
“Laram,” I close the door soundly and creep onto the bed. 
