It creaks under my weight. I reach out and touch his hair. He flinches away from me. 
As I start to shrink away, he makes a sound. Weak whimpering. Begging for something, for help, for someone. I touch his temple, then his forehead, then his cheek. It is wet with sweat and tears. 
The murmurs of the aunts fill the hallway for only a moment before their doors close.  Surprisingly, no one dares to knock on our door. We don’t need them anyway.
Sliding off the bed, I gingerly lift the covers. He shifts, moving closer to the wall. I hope it is to let me lie beside him, not to move away from me. My legs enter the dark warmth. A warm breeze flows to my nostrils as I lower the cover. It is a green smell, nauseating and thick. I pull my legs closer to Laram, and stop at a strange sensation. 
It is a cold spot on the sheet, not large, the size of my stretched hand. My fingers reach down and touch the coldness. As I pull my fingers back out, I see orange-red rings around the fingertips. My thumb rubs against my fingertips, feeling a slick stickiness. 
“Oh, no.” I slide out of the bed and rush out the door. My hands are banging against my aunts’ doors. Tears return to my eyes. “Wake up. Get up!” I run around the halls, banging on doors, kicking some.
Aunt Chatelet is the first to open her door. Aunt Soyinka and Jaturen are beside her in their nightgowns. “What’s wrong, child?”
“Laram’s bleeding.” 
Aunt Chatelet pulls me into the room while Aunt Soyinka and Jaturen rush to my room. I look over my shoulder at them but Aunt Chatelet keeps her arm around my shoulders. 
“You have to stay here and help me brew the herbs,” she says as she wipes the tears from my cheeks. I nod, sniffling miserably. She stands and walks to her bedside. From her pillow, she produces three pouches. She pours them onto her sheet and stirs them with her finger. I walk to her side and touch my tear-covered finger to the herbs. 
“These will help Laram?”
The herbs cling to my finger. Dried, withered, yet powerful.
“Yes,” she says. “Everything will be all right.”
I am old enough to know lies. But how I wanted to believe her!
“Why,” I start, “Why didn’t you help us?”
Aunt Chatelet sighs and shakes her head with a tight line between her lips. “Ianos would have hurt all of us if he didn’t have Laram. He bought Laram, so he is his property.”
“Laram’s mine!” I shout, stepping away from her.
“No,” Aunt Chatelet says, “We are all Ianos’s property, until something changes.”
“I won’t be his property. I refuse.”
“You have no choice.” Aunt Chatelet looks up from the herbs as she places them back into the pouch. “But you can change everything.”
“How?”
She hands me the pouch, “That will have to wait until after tonight. 
