Then you will have to discuss it with Jaturen later.” 
Aunt Chatelet walks in long, quick strides to my room and reaches the door before I do. Her beads hang from her hands as she kneels beside Laram. Aunt Soyinka is trying to soothe him while Jaturen is behind him.
“Horrible mess,” Aunt Soyinka says.
Aunt Chatelet hands her herbs to Aunt Soyinka. Aunt Soyinka lifts up the sheet to cover his lower body. Jaturen leaves Laram’s side and I hear her heading upstairs. 
I kneel beside Laram, my hands beside his face. 
He doesn’t notice me, looking through me to the wall.
“He hasn’t been reacting to anything,” Aunt Soyinka tells me. 
I run a finger over his cheek. “Laram?” He doesn’t make a sound. I rest my face on the pillow beside his. I make curious sounds, high and long. 
“His body will heal,” Aunt Chatelet wipes her brow. She says nothing about the rest of Laram healing. 
It seems like we sit for a very long time listening to Jaturen upstairs, boards creaking under her feet, over our heads, and watching Aunt Chatelet wiping the sweat off her brow and sighing. 
Jaturen’s footsteps sounds on the staircase, hesitant, unsteady. She enters the room, a large bowl of soup leading the way. 
I lift my head off the pillow. I can smell the soup. She hands it to me and sits beside Laram’s head. She lifts the pillow, with his head, onto her lap. Her hands are gentle, turning his head slightly while I try to spoon some of the soup into his mouth. He doesn’t make a sound, swallowing silently. 
“Maybe it would be better if Zorana slept in the empty bed in Ilirran’s room,” Jaturen whispers, running her fingers through Laram’s dense hair.
Aunt Chatelet takes out her small bottle of precious blessed water. “We will take care of Laram for the night.” 
I turn my gaze to Laram. His eyes are vacant, as if his spirit has left his body to avoid the pain. I lean in close beside him and place my eyes level to his. “I am sorry,” I mouth, hoping he can see my lips. 
“Don’t apologize for the brute,” Aunt Soyinka hisses. “Besides, you got your revenge. Ianos went crawling back to his room, holding his gut. I don’t think he will even think about hurting anyone again.” She shakes her head and clicks her tongue. I see her hands move, swaying side to side to wrap the bandage around Laram. 
Aunt Chatelet has given up her place and leaning against a wall, her shoulders sagging.
“Why don’t you go to bed now?” Jaturen says and motions to Aunt Chatelet to take her place. I hand Aunt Chatelet the bowl and she kneels, sitting on her heels, against our bed.
Jaturen places her arm on my shoulder so I cannot turn back to look at Laram. He doesn’t make a sound as I leave. 
In the hallway, Jaturen rubs my back, saying what I great job I did of hurting Ianos. 
