I hope he hurts as bad as Laram does. 
“Why aren’t you inside helping Laram?” I ask. 
Jaturen looks away, letting her hair fall across her face. “I must be too sensitive. Laram reminds me of a child I had a long time ago.” 
“You are a mother?” I ask as she opens the door to Ilirran’s room and draws me in. 
“Yes,” she whispers. “Both from my body and from my love.” She shakes her head slowly. She tucks me in tightly. The sheets feel rough and cold compared to my old bed. “My son was about Laram’s age when I was pulled from my family.” She laughs, soft and sad. “Smarter, of course. I taught him what I learnt at school, but earlier. He would sit, just as you are, in his bed, upright and ready for every lesson. He had questions, so many questions. But, I suppose, that isn’t always a good thing.” 
Her hand lifts in the darkness and wipes away a sparkling tear. “He asked me once, how I had gotten a black eye. I explained that it was his father, my husband, on one of his drunken rampages. I must have spoken too sharply because soon my little boy was running out of his bed and into my bedroom. He attacked my husband with his tiny fists. His tiny body flew into a wall as my husband threw my child off him. Next thing I know, my husband must have signaled someone. The newly formed White Guardians appeared to ‘save’ him from his ‘manipulative’ wife who turned son against father.” Aunt Chatelet shakes her head with another sigh. “The rest is a blur. I was reeducated, but not with books. With whips, white hot rods, and starvation.” Her hand touches my cheek. It feels wet and sticky with tears. “May you never feel such pain.” 
“I won’t.” I promise. I can see the blue-black lines of shadows of her lips turn up in a smile. 
“Good.” 
A moment passes before I must ask for the end of her story. She laughs, “There is no end. I was brought here, and the past becomes the present, then the future. Now get some sleep.” 
“Ianos has to be punished.” I tell her between gritted teeth. 
“There isn’t anyone to tell, little one.” Jaturen strokes my hair. 
“But Laram’s a boy, the Guardians care about boys.”
“And what will happen to Ianos? If the Guardians don’t remove him, we’ll suffer his revenge.” Her voice breaks and she presses her hand against my cheek. “I’m so frightened for you, Zorana.” 
I shake off her hand. 
She sighs and clears her throat. “Before you were born, there was another owner of the Dawning Dusk. He did terrible things. His favorite form of torture was fire.” She looks away from me and her hair falls over her shoulders. “Only when he nearly burned down the Dawning Dusk and the shop behind us, and five women were burned beyond saving, only then did the Guardians decide he was too uncontrollable. 
