Ianos was his successor. It could be worse, Zorana, much worse.”
She sniffles, and waits until I am snug in my new bed. Silently, she leaves. 
When I am able to sleep, it is only from exhaustion. I wake up with my head feeling full of tears. It is very early, and I cannot lie still. I slip out of bed and return to my room. It smells like cut grass and blood. Around the fireplace are chairs my aunts must have brought down form the kitchen to sleep in during the night. Laram is sleeping, his mouth slightly open with drool pooling on the pillow. I creep close beside him and close his mouth. 
He stirs fitfully and his eyes snap open. After a moment of confusion, he recognizes me and settles back against the bed. 
Are you better? I sign, moving my hands and silent lips. He seems to smile. At least, his lips move, pulled back. He stops, staring at me, not through me. 
You smell. I sign.
Laram gestures back. You said that when I first arrived. 
“Zorana,” Jaturen calls from the door. I spin around and notice the rations in her hands. 
I wave farewell to Laram and take the rations from Jaturen as I walk out of my room. Jaturen stays with Laram. I hear her talking to him as if he is an invalid, ignorant of what has happened. I stand by the door a moment longer, hearing her quietly crying, apologizing for Ianos. 
“You and Zorana,” Jaturen swears. “I will protect you two from his hands.” 
I turn away. I hadn’t protected Laram when he needed me, but, certainly, that does not mean I cannot protect him in the future. 
As I head up the stairs, I hear Aunt Soyinka and Aunt Chatelet talking. 
“She needs to be occupied while Laram heals,” Aunt Chatelet says. I hear the spoon bang against the metal pot. 
“I’ve got her chores. Enough to last the entire day,” Aunt Soyinka answers. “What happened to Angela?”
“Bruises.” Aunt Chatelet sighs. “He pulled her into the room because she was too slow to get away, but once inside, she says he couldn’t do anything but knock her around a bit. She’ll heal, but now I worry what it means if he can’t—“
“Worry?” Aunt Soyinka nearly shouts. “Why worry? The fists are all he has left now that his little arm is dead.”
She stops as I open the door. 
“Good morning,” Aunt Chatelet says cheerily as she fills a bowl half with rice, the other half with vegetables and meat sauce. We have meat only if the men do not eat it all. I don’t like eating from the side where their teeth had torn the meat, so I turn it around and pretend that it is a whole, uneaten piece. 
Taking the bowl from her, I manage a smile.
“Slept soundly?” Aunt Soyinka asks as she pulls out a chair for me to sit beside her. 
