I sit and stir the contents of the bowl to get the rice first. After the rice is gone, I eat the vegetables. 
“Did you get the rations?” Aunt Soyinka asks as she brings her bowl to the sink to wash. 
“Yes,” I manage past a stick of celery. 
“When you get back,” she continues, “Get the cleaning bucket from under the sink and get working on the booths. After that, you will make the soup with Aunt Chatelet.”
I nod, finishing my breakfast and bringing it to the sink to clean it. Aunt Soyinka takes it from me and tells me to go to her bed and find the hooded grey cloak. Once I retrieve it, she shows me how to keep the rations on the inside pocket as if I have not done this before in lighter cloaks. “Keep your head down, but don’t stick you eyes on your toes. If a Guardian starts toward you, change direction. Not too fast. They’re like dogs, they enjoy the chase.”
I topple over the first few times, but manage to handle the heavy cloak and learn how to keep the hood over my raven hair. 
“Good,” Aunt Soyinka says, finally satisfied. She pats the rations, knocking the paper against my chest. Everything is printed and drawn on the ration. Women aren’t allowed to learn how to read. The letters are for the male owners of the shop. Aunt Chatelet taught me my letters. When I first figured out words without her help, it felt like I knew a world that others are blind to.
With Aunt Soyinka’s instructions in mind, I travel through the back alleys to the marketplace. Usually, I touch the cornerstones on the buildings, but Aunt Soyinka had said men would know I am a child from my hands and such a childish move. I have to grow up.
It is early morning and few people are about. The shopping occurs without any incident, though I wished I could have the rations to try the other foods. There are spices and delicacies from far off places, brought by men when they immigrated here. Aunt Chatelet says the population increased by half, but it was all men. No woman would come here, and no woman can leave.
Once back at the Dawning Dusk, entering through the back door again, I drape the cloak over a nearby chair. Finding my bucket full of sponges, brushes and rags, I fill it halfway with water and get to work on the booths. 
Booths line both parlor rooms at the sides. Each has a cushioned seat, and a door that is six inches above the floor. Some doors have a large tinted glass window so one can look out, but not into the booth. Should patrons want to spend a longer time with my aunts, there are rooms upstairs past Ianos’s bedroom. 
I head to the end booths and check the bottoms for feet of occupants. A woman is dancing on stage. 
