Her wavy brown hair swings back and forth in a blur under the lights. Her eyes remain focused on the back wall, past the men. There are only a few men present. The man who gave me the tip is not there. I don’t expect him to come back. 
After scrubbing each of the forty booths, I head back to the kitchen. Aunt Chatelet is there, measuring the herbs for the soup. A tie restrains her red hair, but it still sways as she moves back and forth over the ingredients. I do not disturb her, watching as her fingers separate the ground roots and leaves. Her fingernails, like the rest of ours, are kept short to prevent injury. Once a week, Jaturen walks to each of the fifty or so women. She gives them a nail clipper and must watch as they clean and trim each finger and toenail. Because Jaturen is kind to us and our friend, Ianos believes we would not hurt her by killing ourselves in front of her. As Madame of the women’s house, she keeps all of the small sharp objects. The knives are chained to the kitchen counter. There haven’t been any women here to used it against ourselves. Aunt Chatelet says we are strong, we believe that it’ll get better. I wonder how many of us just don’t’ have the courage to give up yet.
“All right,” Aunt Chatelet says finally. I step to her side and stare at her creation. “Memorize those measurements.” With my hand, I use my palm to remember the amount of herbs. Half a pinky length of a dried black herb, a palm full of the bright yellow dust-like crushed herb and so on. As I memorize this, I wonder if an incorrect measurement will result in a babe in one of my aunt’s wombs. Would that child be like me, causing its own mother’s death? 
Aunt Soyinka told me years ago that pregnancy was a great state in the past, when your neighbors brought you gifts and wished you luck. Now, women dread motherhood for their children will enter such a dark society. “We’ll change that,” she’d say while pinching my cheek, “Won’t we?”
“Good.” Aunt Chatelet hands me her beads. They are the color of dried blood. Rolling them in my fingers, I follow her hand movements. From the bottom left to the top middle, down to the bottom right, up to the left middle, and so on until I make a star with the final circle to bind the blessing to the herbs. 
“Now, into the pot,” Aunt Chatelet instructs. I take the earthen pot from the cabinet and fill it with water. I set the pot on the stove and go to the corner of the kitchen where we store the firewood. Aunt Chatelet pours the herbs into the pot and stirs them. The water turns brown. 
“This has to be thick, so stir often and boil for a very long time.” 
