With that, she leaves me alone, creaking down the stairs. A few moments later she reappears in her red feathery gown for her “Swan Maiden” act. I check that the gown is latched on properly before she goes to the front. 
The smell of the soup is overpowering, bitter and earthy. I notice the locked pantry. It is chained with a large iron lock. I know what is inside it from earlier nights of insomnia and walking around to make myself tired. Ianos has the only key, chained around his thick neck. He hadn’t heard me as I cracked open the door and watched him gorge himself. The smell of the sweetness made me yearn for the chocolate, but I have a better idea.
I move the chains about noisily. No one comes to investigate the sounds. I position the chains to allow a slight opening, big enough for my hand to slip through and retrieve a small jar of honey. I recognize it from the market and after asking Aunt Soyinka what the word meant. I open it with care, letting the sweet scents invade my nose. With a spoon, I drizzle a dollop of honey into the boiling pot. I return the honey jar to the pantry and rearrange the chains before turning back to the pot. Looking out the window, I notice the bruised sky.
After another log for the stove, I pull up a stool and sit beside the pot for easier access. I can hear the front door from here as Jaturen forces a merry laugh as each patron comes into the Dawning Dusk. It is about the time men are released from their work so the patrons are arriving in bunches from each industry. The miners come in, powdered in black or white but nothing in between. The shopkeepers come in, so round that they can roll down the steep streets if they wished. There are few artists, poets and writers. Aunt Soyinka recounted that a few artists sculpted or drew the female bodies in the graceful positions of dance and seduction. But the White Guardians outlawed that a few years back, stating that it portrayed women in a brighter light than we deserved. “That’s all right,” Aunt Soyinka would say with a laugh. “They can keep their light. They will not see us attacking from the shadows.”
“Oh!” Jaturen says as she takes a step away from me. “I didn’t see you there.” She fans her flushed face, sweaty from the chaos of greeting. “Sometimes,” she walks to my side. “I swear, sometimes I can’t see you.” 
“I’m sorry,” I say this because I don’t know what else to say. 
“Invisibility is a great feat.” She pats my shoulder. Smiling, she looks at the pot. “Oh, thank goodness I don’t have to drink that.”
I nod along with her. I do not need to drink it either despite being “fertile” as the White Guardians would put it. I am too young to do anything but chores, I can avoid the soup.
