The other aunts arrive just before the entertainment begins. Jaturen pulls out a pitcher, fills it with water, and heads back out to the parlor. Aunt Chatelet lets the remaining log burn out, heating the kitchen. She distributes the soup amongst my four aunts and they drink it down in one great gulp. 
“Not bad,” Aunt Soyinka licks her lips. “A bit sweet.” 
“I thought so too.” Aunt Chatelet nods as she walks to the sink and washes her bowl. The others wash their bowls before patting me on the shoulder or head for doing a great job. 
“You will make the soup from now on!” Aunt Soyinka says, kissing me on the forehead. She laughs, rubbing her thumb over my forehead. She must have gotten some of the red lip cream on me. The White Guardians supply every women’s house with rouge, toiletries and different gowns, depending on what they decide women should be wearing.
Jaturen appears in the doorway and ushers my aunts to the parlor rooms. She offers to clean the pot for me, so I can finally see Laram. I thank her with a bow, making her chuckle before shooing me away.
Returning to my room, I hear the bustle of the patrons above me. But in my room with Laram, it is quiet. He lies on his stomach, eyes closed. When the board under my feet squeaks, one of his eyes opens. I wave innocently. Laram pulls back a corner of his lips in a smirk. 
Bath time. I sign. He sticks his tongue out at me. I gather the two cauldrons from the fire place and drag them out of the room into the kitchen. The roars from the parlor rooms envelop me again. I do not look up, filling the two buckets with cold water from the sink. I haul the buckets back downstairs. After setting them in my room, I race to Ilirran’s room where I last saw the bathing tub. It is a large wooden container, held together by five metal rings. I drag the tub back to our room and pour the water into the tub, filling half. I repeat the process again but leave one cauldron over the fire place. As I wait for the water to warm up, I attempt to pull Laram off the bed. He moans and groans, complaining. I let him be when I hear the water boiling. With old rags to protect my hands, I pull the cauldron from the fire and pour it into the tub. Laram whines and signs to me that the room is too hot. When I feel his forehead, I tell him that he, not the room, is the problem. I can hear the faint music and decide against telling my aunts about Laram’s fever. When I try to pull him off the bed again, he signs that he does not wish me blindness from seeing his body. I finally give in and leave him alone in the room, finding a place to wait upstairs. 
