I decide to make some tea for Laram and me after the bath. Finding the pot and a few tea leaves, I fill it a quarter of the way with water and throw the leaves in. They float until they grow heavy and sink. 
Jaturen walks into the kitchen. Her face reddens upon seeing me. She pulls me off the stool beside the stove. Before I can protest, Ianos walks in. Instead of cowering behind her, I step beside her, a head shorter than her. Ianos sees me and looks at the stool before the stove. He reaches over to the pot with the tea leaves and grabs the handle. He heaves the tea at my face. “No!” Jaturen screams, or is it me? 
The water does not leave the pot, becoming solid. Ianos drops it onto the floor, stunned. The pot bounces, still holding the stubborn tea. Ianos stares at me with eyes as big as the pot. I glower back. He backs up, touching the stove with his bare hand. The fire opens up to him, then envelopes him like a glove. He yelps, high and weak. He pulls his hand back, glares at me, then goes off to nurse his wound and pride. 
Jaturen hugs me close. “He will try to get back at you soon.” 
“I know,” I say, my voice suddenly deep and confident. “Let him. I will be ready.” 
I snatch the pot from the floor and return it to the stove. The water is liquid again. I stir the leaves with a spoon to bring out the tea flavor. I do not know why the water did not hurt me, but I bet it is Laram. Certainly, he must have known Ianos was going to hurt me and as an Elemental, he asked the elements not to hurt me. 
I finish making the tea, fill two bowls, and hurry back downstairs to Laram. He is curled up on his side of the bed, facing the door. When I enter, he signs his thirst. I hold out the bowl and his eyes brighten. He props himself up with an elbow and drinks the tea with great vigor. What else can I do, but offer him mine too. But when he takes the bowl to his lips, his eyes darken. He holds it out to me. I gently try to push it back to him without spilling it onto the bed. Laram whines, soft, high pitched and short. I finally sip the tea before holding out back out to him. While he drinks, he keeps his eyes on me to know when to stop. I let him finish the bowl. 
Bitter. He points to his tongue. 
“It cleans the system,” I explain, sounding a little like Aunt Chatelet. 
He makes a face anyway. That’s when I remember the honey’s sweetness in the bitter soup. I search the bedding until I find the other sweetness. I hold out the glinting wrapping with the sweet chocolate inside. 
