He takes the two conjoined pieces between his fingers and breaks it in half. He holds out a piece to me, his lower lip pushing up to his nose. I give in to his begging and eat the chocolate pieces with him. Lying back, we let the noises of the parlor rooms lull us to sleep. 
The next day, we get the extra bed. I insist on having the new bed placed next to the old as well as declaring the new bed as mine because it is closer to the door. Laram does not argue. Also that day, Laram is much better and comes with me on my new mission: helping the Shadow Warriors. 
After all my chores, Jaturen hands me a small pouch of sorus in her room. “Ianos can’t count past fifty anyway,” she says with a wink. I don’t think Ianos is that dumb, but I think Jaturen is smart enough to find ways of getting the sorus. She gives me directions to the place I will give the sorus. “Knock to this rhythm.” She taps it out on my hand. 
“Understand?” She whispers. 
I nod. 
“Good. Go be invisible.” 
She gives me her black cloak because it is night and grey will stick out easily in the dim light. Laram doesn’t need to hide his face because he is a boy. I would say he is lucky, but he envies my hood, feeling the fabric gingerly before Jaturen places it around me. 
We travel through the streets. Laram keeps one arm around my shoulder until I pull it off me and sign to him that it is unlikely any male would do such a thing to a female. He nods and keeps his arms crossed over his chest. Upon reaching the door of the place Jaturen described, I knock in the same pattern she showed me. A slot on the door opens. 
“You’re smaller than I thought,” says a deep voice. The slot closes. The door opens. I stare up in amazement at the large man before me. 
“You’re bigger than I thought,” I retort in a whimper. 
“I’m Loskag,” He grumbles. “Now are you going to stand there all night or are you coming in?” 
The second one. Laram signs. Loskag raises a bushy eyebrow at Laram’s hand movements, but gestures for us to hurry up and get inside. 
I stare at the large room, filled with tables and seats, men and women. There is a bar about the same size as ours, but with fewer drinks. The men and women laugh and pat each other on the back. One of the women looks up and winks at Laram. He steps behind me. 
“Aw,” the woman says as she walks towards us. She has wild hair, so thick it could eat up wandering fingers. “Little bit innocent, aren’t you Sugar?” She smiles warmly before putting a finger under my chin. Her palms are light colored, but her skin is darker than Laram’s, like chocolate. 
