She smells like lilacs. “Now, I know I’ve never seen you before.” 
“I’m Zorana.” I point behind me. “He’s Laram. We’re from the Dawning Dusk.” 
“Oh, Jaturen’s place.” She steps to the side. She bends her knees to be at my level while her long fingers point to the bar. “That man there, that’s Celrin. Give him what Jaturen gave you.” 
The woman straightens and blows Laram a kiss. He whimpers. She giggles lightly, shakes her head, and returns to her table. 
I walk to the bar, with Laram close behind. 
“This must be your first time here,” Celrin says with a laugh. “He never saw a woman before?” 
“He has,” I answer as I try to fish out the pouch. “But none of my aunts ever winked or blew kisses at him. Maybe patrons, for effect. But Laram’s only a boy.” 
“Ho! A boy, maybe years ago,” Celrin pats Laram’s shoulder. “This here is a man, at least seventeen, right?” 
“I don’t know.” I hold out the pouch. “I’m fourteen and he’s always older than me so I guess he could be seventeen.”
Celrin laughs again. Loskag laughs too, shouting, “At seventeen, I was twice his size!”
“Yeah,” one of the men at the tables shouts. “But at every age you’re twice the size of the average fellow.”
The whole room laughs, making Laram and me cower against each other at the loud noise. 
“They’ll stop hazing you once you kill a Guardian.” Celrin counts the sorus and passes me the empty pouch. 
“I will,” I say eagerly, without hesitation. They smile at me and stop hazing me after that.
As other people arrive, the talking starts to quiet. Celrin rings a bell for attention. Everything becomes silent and I listen as he speaks of the future. 
“We will find more recruits, men and women, who are willing to struggle for a better society.” As his voice drones, I watch the sweat gather on his brow while the listeners lean closer towards him. 
“If you think that’s powerful,” Loskag whispers after the meeting is over. “Imagine that happening in all the provinces. There are people out there who care about what’s going on.” 
I nod, overwhelmed and excited for the future for the first time in perhaps forever. 
“Soon,” he says with a smile, “It will be set right again.” 
II
At the market place, I try to remember if my aunts wanted five apples. No, six. Six apples. Green, not red. Red apples have no juice. I rub my fingers across the skin, checking for soft spots. “Apples are like people,” Aunt Soyinka would say. “The ones with soft spots are trash in the end.” 
I want to check with Laram but he’s run off to find a spice for the root soup.
The piles of curries in the next stall make my mouth water. Some can make you cry with a whiff. Some vendors are cooking lamb or pork, never both. In the stall behind me, frogs hop over each other in their barrel, with duck tongues piled on the shelf above them. 
