One peddler is wheeling his cart of sandwiches through the market with offers of an alcoholic drink made with honey. Only men can purchase these foods and drinks because vendors won’t accept a ration ticket for them and women aren’t allowed meat. “They don’t like big women.” Aunt Soyinka would say with a sway of her wide hips. I can imagine Aunt Chatelet blushing up into her red hair.
I hand the ration ticket to the vendor for my apples. He grunts as he snatches it from my fingertips. 
Walking further down the street, I pull my sleeves up in the unusual autumn heat. When I look up, my eyes meet those of a White Guardian. I avert my eyes quickly and secure them onto the ground. My tattered shoes, one after another. You can’t see me. I chant silently in my head. Keep walking. The black boots with the Guardian crest appear in the corner of my vision. 
Laram, where are you?
The Guardian crest depicts two lions rearing at each other. Aunt Chatelet had said the Guardians are idiots because lions don’t hunt. Lionesses do.
I freeze because I’m not fast enough to outrun him. 
“Know your enemy,” Aunt Chatelet had told me to tell the Shadow Warriors. “The worst mistake is thinking he’s an idiot when he’s not.”
“Comrade.” A large hand comes into view and captures my wrist. “A ghost of a girl without a chaperone.” The Guardian yanks my hand out of my pocket and draws it up. Higher and higher he takes me until I stand on my toes. 
I wish were as tall as Aunt Soyinka but she says I still have time. Maybe in a few years, a Guardian can’t force me to stand on my toes. 
“Let her go.” His companion says with an impatient frown. “I am starving. Unless she is a fat pig, I don’t want to deal with her.” 
I look at his companion and try to remember if he was at a Shadow Warriors meeting. He has a scar through his right eyebrow. I’m certain I would have remembered that. 
“As a violator of our esteemed Mahtova’s law, she should be punished.” He brings his face close to mine. There is a mischievous youthfulness in his eyes. But the rest of him is a man. 
His eyes are deep, as if the brain behind it had drawn back, letting his eyes fall into the skull. Sweat glues dirt to his jaw line—or is that a beard? His hair shines in the dim light with a filthy glow. I grimace. 
“What’s your name?” the Guardian shouts angrily. I say nothing, only staring at him, through him. 
“Dumb is how you play it,” Aunt Soyinka would say. “Dumb people can’t get in trouble.” 
“Come on, I’m hungry.” His friend touches his arm. The grip tightens. My fingers tingle. 
“Fine,” the Guardian says and flings me away. I land on my hands and knees, the bag with my apples and other goods close by.
