“I got my quota anyway.” 
The boots stomp away. 
Quickly, I grab my bag and walk away with a limp in my left leg. After a few moments, my left ankle can carry my weight again and I quicken my pace. 
A chirp sounds by my ear. Startled, I whirl around with my hand in a fist. 
Laram glances at my fist and sticks out his tongue. I relax my hand, embarrassed that I hadn’t recognized his chirp. 
He triumphantly lifts his pouch of spices and herbs then coos at my full bag. 
“I got everything,” I tell him, not mentioning that Aunt Soyinka is going to be upset that the apples are bruised. He keeps cooing. 
An angry bruise throbs on my wrist. I can see the shape of the White Guardian’s fingers.
“It’s nothing.” 
Laram places his hand on my shoulder. I widen my eyes and Laram quickly drops his hand away. I hope no one saw us, but I cannot look around to check.
The bell sounds for the curfew, another new law by the Guardians. I draw my hood over my hair and motion for Laram to take the lead. We are halfway home when we hear the heralds. 
“Matova’s sixth wife a lecherous bitch!” Boom thunder their drums. “To be punished! Here!” Boom! “Cheating wife will be punished. Join the enlightening of this unfaithful woman!” Boom! Boom! Boom!
The men are closing their stores. The women are scattering into alleyways. Laram grips my arm and pulls me against the current. The mob of men hoot and howl as the herald shouts the announcement of the public disciplining. Men crowd the streets and I cannot see beyond their shoulders. Laram’s grip tightens, but the mob is stronger. His hand slips from my forearm to my wrist and he is gripping the fresh bruise.
I would shout, but everyone would then know I’m a girl. The men’s bodies pin me to the middle of the flood. It’s hot and I’m sweating and my hand slips. Laram is suddenly so far away. I lift my hands over my head and sign. Find me.
I repeat these signs until I am sure he must see it above the heads of the men. The mob pushes me toward the square, where a barricade of Guardians keeps the men from getting too close. There are three men in front of me and possibly hundreds in the marketplace. I struggle to breathe in the heat and crush of bodies. A sudden rise in whistles and shouts forces me to look up. The herald has just removed the blindfold and gag from the woman. She is silent, but her eyes are wide. How many men can she see from up there on the platform?  She is beautiful, perhaps twenty, not more than seven years older than me. I wonder if she too was conceived due to a bad batch of root soup. 
“Gentlemen,” the herald starts with a smile. The crowd quiets. “Here is the unfaithful wife of our leader.” 