He gestures toward the woman, his mouth wide, showing his sharp white teeth. “Which of you men can educate this woman?” The men start shouting again, pushing forward against each other for first taste. I can feel their bodies against me and my stomach turns.
“You,” he whispers to the woman. I can see his lips move slowly, deliberately. “You should have kept your mouth shut.” 
The mob organizes into a line, each man prepared for his meal. The first man takes only a moment before he moves aside for the next savage. The others last longer, but my attention is not on the men. 
The woman makes no sound but her tears brighten her cheeks. In spite of each penetration, each stab into her body, she does not whimper or cry out. Her silence makes her stronger. When her legs and stomach are slimy from the men, the Guardians turn her over. Her pale flesh tears against the dark wood. The men shout to the rhythm of the thrusts. 
My aunts endure this daily. Soon, when Ianos, my father, the owner of our women’s house, pleases, so will I.
I turn away from the public disciplining and search for Laram. 
“Little Zorana, what are you doing here?” says a husky voice directly behind me.
Startled, I turn to see Celrin. He smells like the oak barrels under his bar.
My eyes dart to the bodies of the men around us.
“I see. Never mind.” He cranes his neck and peers over the heads of the men. “That’s Laram, isn’t it? Follow me.” He sidesteps, making an opening in the mass. We inch our way to Laram. He is on the side, staring at the scene. 
“Get yourselves home,” Celrin says sternly. “Jaturen will not be pleased you’re here.” Without a word, Celrin turns and becomes a part of the mob again. I do not know how he, leader of the Shadow Warriors, who plot day and night to overthrow the Guardians, can stand and watch. It must take a great deal of control to stand back and do nothing when all he wants to do is to save the woman and tear every man apart. 
But I am forgetting that he must control himself everyday because Jaturen works under Ianos at the women’s house. From the way his eyes light up when he says her name, and his constant questions about her well being, I can tell he must care for her. And Jaturen must care for him too because whenever Aunt Soyinka teases her about Celrin, her eyes get wet and she has a smile she doesn’t show any other time.
How many more Shadow Warriors are there in this mob? How many men are not Shadow Warriors but know that this is wrong? Is the first kind man I met, who lost his wife and daughter to the White Guardians, who illegally gave me a sorus when I was seven for me to buy contraband chocolate, is he here? 
