I turn my back to the mob and approach Laram. When I am close enough to Laram, I touch his arm. He doesn’t look at me. I whisper his name, against the roar of the crowd. I grab his hand, which is now a fist. His magic snaps at me. It stings but I ignore it, because it has never hurt me before. 
He turns his head. I shudder and stumble backwards. His eyes are hollow and cold. 
We have to go. I sign quickly, my fingers fumbling. His head rocks on his neck, bobbing in the wind rather than nodding. 
I lead the way out. The men are now quieted, walking toward the woman in organized savagery. One of them taps Laram on the shoulder and laughs. “Leaving before you have a taste? I’ll let you cut in.”
Laram ignores him, walks on, his face a piece of stone. 
“What’s the matter with him?” The man asks no one in particular. I duck my head low and hurry to catch up with Laram. 
We head into the back alleyways. As the roar of the men die away, Laram stops suddenly in the middle of a step. He turns around and steps close to me. I do not to step away, my body suddenly rigid. His height forces me to turn my head up slightly to see his face. He gathers me up in a tight embrace. 
My breath rushes out of my body as the lower half of my face is crushed against his shoulder. I try to move my arms but his hold is too tight. I try to kick him but my feet are off the ground. The first time he did this he thought Aunt Soyinka was about to kill him with the razor for cutting hair.
“Laram,” I gasp. “Please, let me go.” 
A moment passes before he reacts. Dropped back on my feet, I cough, trying to breathe. When my body quiets, Laram places his hands onto my cheeks. I stare into his eyes, watching the life flood back into them. 
“Laram?” I ask so softly it seems as if I am mouthing it. 
I’m sorry. He signs with one hand as the other wipes his wet eyes. I tried to save her, save them.
“You couldn’t have. Even Celrin--”
He shakes his head. Oliku too. 
It is then that I realize I was not the only witness to Oliku’s beheading all those years ago when he first arrived. 
I tried, but couldn’t—I can’t. He presses his palms into his eyes. 
“No one—you couldn’t.” I slip my fingers around his wet hand. “Someone else will save us.” I promise without proof. Another promise I cannot keep. The first was Oliku’s promise, right before her death, to kill all of the White Guardians.
Laram’s hands fall from his face. I hope so.  
Weaving through the back streets in silence, we return to the women’s house.
Laram and I arrive home later than usual. 
