My heart jumps when I hear the chatter in the kitchen, but my aunts are not here. Several women are eating a quick meal before the night’s performances, but none of them are in their costumes yet. They acknowledge us with a nod as we put away our purchases. 
Before I can retreat to my room, Laram links his arm around mine and leads me through the first floor. At the front of the women’s house, he pulls back the curtain in front of the main room and opens the door behind it. 
“No, Laram, they don’t--.” I speak to no purpose. Laram drags me into the dark corridor. It is hot and damp from the many bodies of women undressing and dressing. The smell of sweat and makeup stings the back of my throat. Laram pulls me into Aunt Soyinka’s booth, one of the many booths lining the back wall behind the stage. 
“What’s wrong?” Aunt Chatelet says as she struggles to pull Aunt Soyinka’s corset laces. The two bells on Aunt Soyinka’s corset jingle. A thin blanket hangs on her shoulders, two ends tucked into her corset. Her act is first, a simple dance because Aunt Soyinka can’t sing a clear note.
“Nothing.” I purse my lips. 
Aunt Soyinka squints at us. The make up on her eyelids crease. “Laram doesn’t think so.” 
His hand is on my shoulder. The weight hurts my shoulder and the hurt travels to the pit of my stomach. 
Laram’s free hand rapidly forms the signs. You tell them, or I will.
I turn my head to the floor and squeeze my eyes shut. Laram’s hand releases my shoulder. 
“You—Mercy!” Aunt Chatelet throws her arms around me, her collarbone against my cheek. I keep my arms straight against my sides, refusing to hug her back. Two massive cloth wings extend from her back. Tonight, she’s playing the fairy. 
“Are you all right?” 
Aunt Soyinka sucks her teeth. “Damn, Chatelet, she just saw a gang rape, do you think she’s all right?” 
I can’t stop the tears. Rape. The word is so short, so simple. It doesn’t sound ugly enough. It should hurt to say it. 
“Shit. Zorana.” 
“Soyinka, language.” Aunt Chatelet brushes my wet cheek with her thin hand. Her hands used to pray, used to care for the sick and hungry. Now they set headdresses and touch men’s bodies. How many men has she touched? Will the Goddess and God forgive her?
“You lied,” I mumble into her shoulder. I do not tell them that I have walked into unlocked rooms where another woman was with a patron. It wasn’t so horrifying then. It was one room, not in the middle of the streets, and only a man or two, not dozens. “You said that it was just dancing, like what you did on stage. You never told me--.” 
Aunt Soyinka’s fleshy hand strokes my hair. “How could we tell you? We love you.”
“But you let Ianos hurt Laram.” I push both of them away. 
