The years have not dulled the pain of my aunts’ betrayal of my only friend, and my own failed attempt to protect him. “You were going to let them hurt me.” 
Laram places one arm over my shoulders and it is warm. 
Despite my tears, I see that Aunt Soyinka’s eyes are wet and this frightens me. She has always been the sharp tongue, the quick wit, and now I’ve made her cry. I broke her.
Aunt Soyinka sees me staring and wipes her eyes. She shrugs in an ‘I don’t know anything, except everything’ sort of way. Before the Revolution, she did the same thing she does now, but on her own terms. She decided who she would be with and she was paid for it. Now, my aunts get just enough food to keep them alive until the next day, to do this all over again.
Aunt Chatelet’s hand cups on my cheek. “We couldn’t lose you. After Oliku was…, after her, we had to be more careful. We had to protect you.” 
Laram straightens at my side, chin high and his chest extended.
“I know you can, dear.” Aunt Soyinka ruffles his hair. She has to reach farther up than when I last remember. “But there are some things even your magic couldn’t do.”
My stomach drops. “What?”
Aunt Chatelet glares at Aunt Soyinka, her lips thin. 
“It’s about time.” Aunt Soyinka nods toward me. “Tell her. I’ve lost count.”
Without looking at me, Aunt Chatelet whispers, “You’re nineteen. Thank the Goddess, you’re short.”
Suddenly, things start to make sense. I had always felt I remembered more than thirteen winters and summers. The age to begin working at the women’s house is sixteen. I’ve been given a gift of three years without--. 
“Don’t turn into a blubbering child,” Aunt Soyinka scolds. She kisses the top of my forehead. “Thank goodness Ianos can’t count.”
I rub my wet cheeks with the back of my hand. 
I’ve aged six years in a moment. I am in more danger than I was in this morning with the White Guardian. This afternoon I saw a girl my age raped and soon to be left to die under the stars. And I am lucky to have had three years without these horrors. Perhaps this lie will keep me safe for a few more years until Celrin and the Shadow Warriors have enough power to save us. I feel guilty to be so lucky.
“How much longer can we fool--?” I swallow the rest of my question. 
Ianos is here.
“Where have you been?” Ianos demands as he grabs me behind the collar as I enter through the kitchen. 
“We tried to shop,” I start to explain, “but a public disciplining closed the shops and cleared the streets.” 
“I should discipline you for such lateness!” He releases my cloak to throw me toward the sink. 
I brace my hands against the counter, bouncing off softly. I start to tremble uncontrollably. 
“Grab your bucket. 
