You have the booths to clean.” 
“But I cleaned it before I left for the errands,” I argue as Laram begins slinking towards me. 
“So clean them again!” He growls. “And don’t make me tell you twice.” He eyes Laram, who quickly clings to my arm. I step in front of Laram and remain there until Ianos leaves to the parlor room. 
Laram whimpers as I grab the bucket. While filling it with water, Laram signs to me, He will hurt you. 
No, he won’t. I’ll be all right. I turn off the tap and head toward the parlor. Laram doesn’t follow, keeping to the kitchen duties. 
Once in the parlor room, I see Ianos speaking to a shadowy man in the corner. The parlor is empty, save the two men. Two women are wiping down the tables. Aunt Chatelet looks up from her work and furls her eyebrows. She had seen me wash the booths earlier. I shrug and gesture toward Ianos. She rolls her eyes and returns her attention to the tables. 
Ringing out the rags made from old costume parts, I wipe the knob and open the door. Of course, the booth is clean. I wonder if Ianos would notice if I just sat in here for a few minutes before going back out. Would he even know the difference? He wouldn’t see me if he tried. There is no window in this booth. 
“Deryr!” Someone shouts. I jump and land against the bench. The man Ianos was speaking to stands in the booth’s doorway. Ianos is behind him, grinning wickedly. 
“Oh, she looks even younger than I remember.” The man stumbles forward, tripping over his feet and landing on the floor. I leap onto the bench, my head bent to avoid the ceiling. 
“My name is Zorana,” I say as I try to kick the man’s hand from my ankles. He pulls himself up, face red from the fall or from the drink, I cannot tell. 
“Enjoy,” says Ianos as he quickly closes the door. 
The man smiles lopsidedly, leaning against one side of the booth. He is rather large, making me thankful this is a booth and not a shed or he would tip the whole thing over. I should be able to outrun him, as soon as I get out of here. He has shallow eyes, a slight double chin, and a low nose bridge. His skin is tanned, showing his low class, for professionals do not need to stand in the streets all day like the venders and farmers. 
“Deryr,” he says dreamily as he grasps my waist with two hands. Immediately, I kick his stomach, sending him to the ground again. I step onto his back as he is crouching and try to pull open the door. It gives only a moment before slamming back into the frame. 
“Come now, Zorana,” Ianos says from the outside. “Why don’t you show the man some of your cleverness?” He laughs as a chair slides across the floor. 
