I see the shadow underneath the door as he places the chair under the knob. I pull at the door again, to no avail. 
“Powers, no!” Aunt Chatelet screams as her shadow joins the fight. “She’s not even a woman yet! You can’t do this to her! To your own daughter!” 
I cannot hear more as the man stands, taking away my footing. I land face first into the door. He spins around and grabs my hands. In a moment, I have spun around and now face him. I notice his dark eyes, red veined at the sides. 
“I am not in the mood for games, Deryr.” He brings my arms over my head, just as the Guardian had done. I dig my nails into his hand, until he draws one away with a grunt. I quickly loosen one hand from his grip and grab for my blade against my hip. I lift it up and prepare to strike but his hand catches me under the wrist. He pounds my hand against the door. The blade drops to the floor. Next idea. I lift up my knee, but he pushes it aside and pins it to the door. “You tried that trick a long time ago.” He smiles and leans in closer to my face. 
What would you do, when you’re out of ideas and all yours limbs are helplessly pinned? I scream. I scream until I hear my ears pop, until I feel shivers dance down my spine and up my arms. A hand clasps around my mouth. I bite it. My ears pop again at the pressure. My tongue feels the warm flood of blood. Another hand slaps me across the cheek. I stop biting, my jaw unusually loose and limp. 
“I said no more games,” the man growls as he brings one of his hands back to pin mine above my head. His other hand is at my side. I try to make a sound but the blood gets in the way. Is it my blood? Is it his? I cannot tell. They all taste the same. 
When I see his free hand reach for his belt, I squeeze my eyes shut. I think of something else, anything else. I make up a story. The door is really my bed. Soft and welcoming. The hands are not the man’s, but Laram pulling my hands so I can grow taller. I cannot explain away the blood. I cannot explain the pressure forcing my legs apart. I cannot explain the smell of alcohol and man-sweat that hits my nose. 
“No, no.” I hear my aunts and other women murmuring. “This is wrong!” 
“She is too young!”
“You can’t do this to her!” 
“Let me in there if that man wants a small girl!”
“Shut up,” Ianos shouts. “None of you can do anything about it. Get back to work!” My aunts persist. Someone is banging against the door, sending vibrations through me. It must be Laram. No aunt is as strong as him. 
