Ianos grunts, perhaps pushing Laram away. 
Keep trying Laram, I want to shout. Get me out!
I talk to the wooden door through my mind as if it is my friend. Surely, it could be kind and let me through, despite the chair blocking the knob. Of course, it would not let me be taken here, not like this. The wood had to be still alive, for it was a tree, only now it is smaller and no longer growing. Certainly, it can hear me and would grant me such a request. 
“Are you ready, Deryr?” The man asks. He tries to remove my clothing, but his drunken fingers are thankfully, or painfully, slow. 
“My name is Zorana,” I say through clenched teeth. 
There is a tug at the base of my spine. It feels familiar, like Laram when he dances fire orbs across my back in the winter. The sensation spreads, up to my shoulders, to the back of my head; down to my shins, my heels. My ears pop, as if I am submerging in water then resurfacing. 
I gasp, realizing I had stopped breathing. At least, I think I gasp. Someone gasps. Two arms warm my back. One by the shoulders, the other where my ribs end. I open my eyes. Laram smiles above me. A hazy world is beyond his face. I lift my head up long enough to see the haze continue to the floor around us. Dizziness forces me to lie back against his arms. 
Laram presses his nose to my temple and nudges me softly. Turning back to him, I cannot keep my eyes open. Alarmed, I reach my hands out to touch his cheeks. He is still smiling. I relax again and let him protect me. 
III
I wake with a start, pushing against the arms over my chest. 
“Easy, girl.” Jaturen. I don’t need to open my eyes to know that my aunts are hovering over me.
“It’s only Laram,” Aunt Soyinka says with mock scorn. “Couldn’t get the rascal off you.” 
Laram coos and presses his nose against my shoulder. I pat his cheek with a smile as I finally open my eyes. It’s dark, but I know I’m in my bed. It feels too warm from too many breaths.
“Thank you,” I say as I gently pull one of his curly locks. “Thank you for saving me.” 
“There is no one to thank,” Aunt Chatelet answers as she tucks her beads into an inner pocket. “Except, possibly, yourself.” Her eyes are wet.
“You were amazing, girl,” Aunt Soyinka says as she pats my hand that lies on my waist. “Purely unbelievable.”
I push Laram’s arms away. “What is amazing? What did I do?”
Aunt Chatelet reaches out to touch my cheek. “You are an Elemental. You went through the door without Laram’s help.”
I cannot say that I am so excited I run straight into the alleys and use my new found powers to blast away all the Guardians I can find. 
