I cannot say I am so overcome with shock that I faint. I merely sit here, waiting for my dream to end, for one of my aunts to laugh at the very terrible joke. 
Larm slides off the bed and walks toward the fireplace. He picks up a flaming log and walks to my side. My aunts clear the way, their eyes bright as the flame. He holds it out for me. With one hand, he signs, Water. 
He waves the log about, fanning the flames. I watch his act until he throws the flame at my face. It would be horribly tragic if the flame scars my face and the incident of me going through the door was a fluke. But what kind of story would that be? 
I blow out the flaming log as easily as if it is a candle. The log is charred at one end. I feel distressed that it is dead and burned. The black ashes change back into brown wood. Slowly, a green sprout emerges from the log. A flower blooms, blood red with black edges. 
I scuttle backwards on my bed. Aunt Soyinka laughs, clapping her hands. “This is even better than making Ianos faint!” 
“What happened to him?” I ask, not looking away from the flower. Laram pinches a petal between his fingertips.  
“All us girls carried Ianos into his own crate. We left him there,” Aunt Soyinka answers, beaming. “There is more we can do.”
“You,” Jaturen says as she stares straight into my eyes. “You are the miracle the Shadow Warriors and all women have been waiting for.” 
I do not feel like a miracle. I feel like stripping off my skin and washing it until it becomes mine again. 
“I don’t know,” I whimper and their smiles morph into disappointed grimaces. “Maybe, maybe I just need to rest. Before we do anything. Please.” My legs are shaking under my covers.
“Of course,” Aunt Chatelet says and pulls on Aunt Soyinka’s arm. “Let the girl sleep and tomorrow night we’ll talk to Celrin.” 
“Yes.” Jaturen stands and laces her hands together across her chest. “It’ll be spectacular, Zorana. You’re more than anyone could have imagined.”
As soon as they are gone, I turn to Laram and let my forced smile drop. 
I raise my fists and pound the bed until my wrists ache. “I don’t know what I’m doing.” 
Laram sits quietly at my side and holds me until I tire from weeping. The excitement and the fear come in waves, leaving me exhausted in the morning. 
“How do you do it, Laram?” I ask him as dawn begins to lighten the room. 
He shrugs. Always this way.
“You don’t remember a time you couldn’t do this? Then, could you teach me?” 
I will. 
“When? Tomorrow night – tonight! Tonight I have to--.”
We’ll start now.
----
“Amazing,” Celrin says as he touches the fruits from the lemon tree I just grew out of a cup of lemonade. “I will have to charge you for breaking the glass though.” 
