“Now,” Aunt Chatelet says, “It is our time.” 
“We need to take you to the top, Zorana.” Loskag pats my shoulder. “Are you ready for that?” 
I can only nod, knowing everyone is watching me. 
“It is perfect timing,” Jaturen says. “Matova is looking for a wife.” 
 “I won’t,” I shout as I lean against the counter. “I don’t want to—I can’t go through that again.”
“You’ll be strong, Zorana.” Jaturen nods, patting my hand. “You only need to be close enough to remove him. It may not even require a touch.” 
Remove. Kill. Save my aunts, and everyone else. I exhale the breath I didn’t know I was holding. 
“Within the next few days,” Aunt Soyinka interrupts. “There will be judges heading around to each of the women’s houses. And I know a great way to bribe men.” She laughs, throwing back her head to expose her throat. 
The chatter continues as Laram and I curl up close in a corner. My eyes are heavy and I cannot stand.
It is fun, right? Laram asks with his fingers. 
It is more tiring than fun. I answer. Can you show me how to handle the other elements? I think I can handle earth without getting sick. 
Over the course of a few days, Laram teaches me Elemental work, while my aunts prepare for our revenge. Aunt Chatelet shows me herbs, pointing out which are most deadly. I keep a small pouch of them with me at all times. The judges arrive in their White Guardian uniforms. They do not notice Ianos’s absence as we explain that he is out drinking. Staring at me, they say I am too thin, too dark-haired and dark-eyed to be a part of such a bright society. After a few hours with my aunts, they think otherwise. A few weeks pass after the judging. We wait nervously for the decisions. 
“Aunt Chatelet,” I say softly as she prepares the evening meal. 
“Yes, Zorana,” she answers as she throws in more carrots. “Are you nervous?” 
“No,” I lie. Laram’s lessons have given me some confidence in my powers, but not enough. However, this morning, I coaxed a White Guardian’s cigarette flame into an inferno from under his foot without even looking at him. Laram doesn’t know that I have to talk to the elements as if they were listening to manipulate them. He says his will, his desire is enough. But I must plead and plead with the little flame. I tell it that it must grow to its full potential. When I did look at the Guardian, his boot had become ashes. There was much difference between him and the boot. After that, I had to turn into an alley to retch for several minutes. 
“Then what is it?” She asks as she opens the door under stove for me to throw another fire orb into it. I like the white hot ones. They look pure.
“Who is Deryr?” 
Aunt Chatelet nearly crushes her finger when closing the door. 
