“Why,” she says after catching her breath, “Where did you hear that name?” 
“The man in the booth called me that.” 
“He is a drunk. That’s probably his wife’s name.” She says, turning away from me. 
“You’re green,” I say softly. 
Aunt Chatelet spins around, her eyes wide and slightly angry. 
“When people lie, I see the air around their bodies turn green.” Being an Elemental has its rewards. Other than the constant hunger and vomiting. 
“Well,” she sighs. “I guess I better explain.” She pulls a chair to my side and takes my hands into hers. “We told you that Lurelai and Ianos were your parents.” I nod. “And you know that Wizards have Wizard children.” 
“Ianos isn’t a Wizard, is he?” 
She smiles. “Thankfully, no.” She rubs her temple with her hand as she rubs my fingers with the other. “That was a lie. You are not their daughter.” 
With all the surprises of the past month, I feel as if I am being handed another piece of me. This time, I thought I had already figured out this piece. 
“Deryr is my mother.” I say softly. 
She nods. 
Another memory, another piece surfaces. “And the Wizard they were looking for when I was seven, he is my father?” 
Aunt Chatelet grimaces. “Yes. We kept the secret from you because the Wizards certainly couldn’t know that what you believed was a lie. You thought it was the truth, so to you, you were telling the truth.” She sighs and pats my hand. “I’m sorry you had to go through so many years thinking Ianos was your father.”
I bring my knees up to my chest and rest my chin on them. “It’s all right.” I answer at last. “It is better to know that he isn’t now, than to never know.” I smile weakly as I hear the rest of the aunts arriving for dinner.
When the others see my face, they manage a smile, but know something has changed. Aunt Chatelet explains to them quietly as she passes out the bowls. 
I do not have time to hear them react. There is a loud knock on the front door. Jaturen opens the door and delivers the message. I have one hour before I leave for the capital. 
My stomach tightens and I cannot eat. I do not bring clothes, for they are lowly, unfit for the ruler, after all. In fact, I cannot bring anything but Jaturen’s thick cloak and my pouch of herbs. When the carriage arrives, I suddenly realize Laram cannot follow. Laram begins to mock crying, tugging at the cloak until I step toward the carriage and out of his reach. It smells like sweat in here, as if the red velvet has not been cleaned since the summer.
“Sirs,” Jaturen says softly to the White Guardians driving the horses. “Certainly, she can bring along a companion for the ride. He is lame and will make no sound.” She bats her eyelashes with pursed lips. 
