“Certainly, our grand leader would not mind another jester, or servant in the household.” 
The driver looks at the White Guardian sitting beside him. 
“No changes to the plan. Shove off, woman.” 
Jaturen and my aunts back down, hanging their heads.
The White Guardian climbs into the carriage and sits across from me. The driver closes the door. The White Guardian locks it. My aunts shout out lies. 
“It is such a horrible thing you are so beautiful!” 
“Bring our leader joy and happiness and many strong sons!” 
“May we see each other in another life to serve our king!” 
My aunts glow green, shining still as the carriage pulls away. My chest suddenly becomes tight as the streets become unfamiliar. I start to tremble.
In the distance, I can see Laram following us, at least, I see a signal. Two red flares, one white flare. Then the night swallows him up in its darkness. I will a small flare, a winking white light, below the wheels of the carriage to acknowledge him. The flares stop but I feel him close to me. 
The ride is smooth, though I cannot compare it to any other carriage ride because this is my first. I watch the White Guardian in front of me nod off to sleep.
Three hours later, I am at the capital. The carriage pulls into a stable and the driver pulls me out. I am led up many flights of stairs until I reach an elegant room. 
“Get in.” 
I step inside. The driver shuts the door and locks it from the outside. No one is in the room. I rush to the window and send out a flare. 
Laram appears at the window ad uses the velvet drapes for leverage into the room. He stares at the vanity. There is a large mirror that fascinates him to no end as he opens his mouth to inspect his teeth and makes faces at himself. I would laugh at him if I wasn’t so nervous. 
I stare at the walls, stones on top of stone, layered in perfection. Chairs and couches, soft yet not often used, stand in clusters around the large room. I collapse onto a leather couch, which is a mistake because its stuffing is packed tight and hard. Pressing my hands against my temples, I wait for a sign. 
“Nice to see you are comfortable,” someone says before closing the door. I bolt into a standing position. An old woman stands at the door behind the couch. She is older than my aunts, with grey hair cut short like a man. “My, his tastes get younger and younger each time.” Her nose wrinkles. “I suppose he must, to have an unused girl.” 
She steps toward me in a wobbly stride. Her eyes are bright and I cannot tell their color in the dark light. “It’s nice to meet you. Let’s see what will fit you.” She walks to the closet and opens the door. I half expected Laram to be in the closet. 
