As soon as she disappears into the closet, Laram coos from the window then disappears.
The old woman, how quick she is, places a dress under my chin. 
“Good color for your complexion.” It is dark red, like blood, with patterns of lotuses along the hemlines. The hemlines are above my knee and the dress is sleeveless. I frown deeply. The old woman ignores my face and points to a screen in the corner of the room. 
“If you’re modest, you may change there.” 
I change behind the screen and struggle to walk without making the skirt jump. 
The old woman nods. “Good. You’re gorgeous.” 
I don’t want to be gorgeous. I want to be dangerous. 
She adjusts the collar while leading me toward the vanity. “Sit.” She pulls out the drawers and starts combing my hair. After many tugs, I take the comb myself and straighten my hair. 
“Your hair is the best of them all.” She clicks her tongue. “I know I will regret this, but what is your name?” 
“Zorana,” I say finally, my voice cracking. I do not ask for hers. With each name, we attach a face and emotions. Should that name or face be destroyed, our emotions would be attached to its fate. 
“Which tongue is that from? Is that translation one who escapes death or one who escapes destiny?” She starts pinning my hair up. “Well, I suppose they are the same.” The old woman keeps chatting. My heart is pounding and I stare at my changing reflection. Zorana. The daughter of whores.
Time passes, I cannot be sure how long. I don’t know the schedule of this place. There is the promise of morning in the sky and I am famished. I hope Laram has found something to eat.  
The door opens. I wake with a start, my chin almost hitting the vanity. A White Guardian enters the room. “Is she ready?” 
“Yes.” The old woman bobs her head as her eyes scan my hair. “Well, as best as can be hoped for.” She pulls me out of my seat and walks me to the Guardian. 
I cannot read his face. He simply orders, “Follow me.” He turns and begins to walk out. I quicken my step to remain behind the Guardian. He walks down a maze of halls. I try to remember the directions, but in the end, realize I could simply walk out a window too. Of course, should I fall, the ground would catch me. 
He abruptly stops and I nearly run into him. He pushes open a door and points for me to enter. I step into the room and the door slams shut behind me. 
A man is standing at the window. I can see his frame, wide shoulders covered by a white cloak. He turns ever so slightly. His profile shows a high nose bridge, and protruding lips. His lips move slowly, as if waiting for my patience to wear out. 
“They say you are the best,” he says finally. 
