His voice sounds mundane. It isn’t what I thought the commander of the entire kingdom would sound like. It is much more subdued than someone named Matova, or a Wizard for that matter, should sound like. It doesn’t thunder or rumble. 
“They said that about the last one too.” He is facing me now. I see his hair, light brown, and eyes, deep and brooding.  
“How can you, a child, give me a child?” He seems to want an answer but I do not know how to answer him. 
“Do you speak?” Matova asks with a smirk. I nod. 
“So speak!” He roars. I startle backwards and tears appear in my eyes. He smiles as he walks toward me, and then circles me. “Very thin,” he says as his eyes wander. He stops in front of me. He is a good head taller than me, if not, more. “Smells like a Wizard.”
I do not know if my eyes widened then. They might have, giving away my secret. But I didn’t have time to correct the mistake. Matova throws me against the wall without touching me. He doesn’t even blink from the breeze as my body slams against the stones before sliding to the floor. 
“A poorly trained Wizard.” Matova steps forward and steps onto my hand. I gasp in pain and try to push his boot off me. He pushes down harder, with his whole weight, and then slides the boot to the ground, pulling off my skin. 
Blood pools quickly in the wound. It darkens into a scab, the color of my gown. The scab flakes off, leaving new pink skin. The pink skin becomes my own skin tone again. I stare up at the Wizard, seeing his eyes wide. He falters, taking a step back and showing his fear. I focus my eyes on his cloak and imagine fire, crackling white. 
“Taste him,” I command it.
It catches. He rips off the cloak and throws it to the floor. Instead of trying to put it out, his eyes flicker to me. I am thrown again, this time into his vanity. The mirror shatters on my back, piercing me a thousand times over. I flex my fingers in his direction. “Cut him. Fly!” I send the shards after him. He laughs and disappears. 
The mirror shards shatter against the stones. Alone in the room, I slide off the vanity and scan the room. The floor is heavily carpeted, so I watch it for movements. One part depresses, I press my palm to the carpet. 
Aunt Chatelet’s pouch is on my side. I kept it, despite changing clothes. “Find him.” It bursts open. The green vines whip across the room, growing. They strike Matova, releasing a sharp click to echo through the room. “Live. Take the life from him.” The greenery then surrounds that area, latching on. Thorns grow. Blood sheds from invisible wounds. The greenery starts to brown, decaying, rotting. The Wizard laughs. 
“You cannot stop me with flowers!” 
