The vines catch fire. The flames dance across the vines, back to the pouch and me. I drop to the floor and begin to roll. “Don’t burn me, I am fluid.” I can hear the Wizard laughing as the flames finally die down. 
Before I can do anything, one of the bed sheets is over my head. A large weight crashes down onto me. The air rushes out of me. The sensation does not last long as three pairs of arms pick me off the floor, one around the waist, the others holding my legs and arms together. The sheet remains over my face. I can barely breathe; much less cast something to fatally harm a Wizard. 
In a perfect story, I could be a Wizard, not a mere Elemental facing a full-fledged Wizard who rules over the White Guardians and our kingdom. In a perfect story, he couldn’t have revealed me. He wouldn’t be a Wizard at all. 
“What took you oafs so long?” Matova growls. 
“Forgive us, Your Greatness. Should we hold her down for you?” One of the oafs asks.  
“Idiot,” Matova answers. “Don’t you know anything? Mating with her might cause another female Wizard to pop up. Take her to the dungeons. We’ll make an example of her in the afternoon.” 
In a perfect story, I wouldn’t have failed. I would have brought victory for everyone.
The three men walk in silence, save a few grunts when I struggle against them. I cannot visualize anything, summon any elements. One of the men knocks me across the head. A bruise forms, and then disappears. We reach the dungeons. I can tell from the voices calling out for their release, swearing their innocence. The men grunt as they throw me into a cell. I land on my side and struggle to remove the sheet. By the time I can see, the oafs are gone. 
“Hey, hey,” someone calls down the rows. “Who did they bring?” 
“Some girl,” someone says in the cell across from mine. I stare past my bars, past theirs to see a shadowy figure. “Must be a reject.” 
“My name is Zorana,” I shout. “I am an Elemental.”
“That explains it,” someone hoots. “Looks like she didn’t make it. Missed that class on ‘how to defeat the evil overlord.’” The cells explode in laughter. 
“You didn’t do any better!” I scold the emptiness. The cells become quiet, still. I sigh out my frustration, breathing in exhaustion and fear. The pit of my stomach aches from hunger.
Where is Laram? I hope he ran before anyone found him. I hope he returns to my aunts and warns them to flee before they are captured.
I curl up against the corner of my cell. It is barely large enough for me to lie down and spread my arms in. There is a window above me, but it is too high and the bars make it too small for me to crawl out of. 
I press my cheek against the cold stones and close my eyes. 
