My fingers trace the rocks, smooth from another person’s tracing. I wonder if the cell previously held another failed assassin. Was the former prisoner was like me, born from death to bring upon another’s death? 
I hear a low rumbling inside me.
I place my hands against the wall, tears and all. I take deep breaths despite the tears. I see the palace, the mansion, Matova’s bedroom chamber. Lofty and overly decorated. I see my finger sliding across the cement that secures the roofs and floors to the walls. The cement dries, crumbles. I see the building yawn, as if waking up to a new day. I see it bringing an end to the old day, sliding down like a butter churner. I can hear the screams of the men. No women. No, though a lot of the men scream like women. I cover the women with silver shields, strong and secure. My mind’s eye directs the stones with the strongest intentions. 
I close my eyes and cover my ears with my hands.
In silence, I mouth to the walls, to the cells. 
My name is Zorana, I tell the stones. My mother slept with a Wizard. I am sure that rocks do not breed. Perhaps you are lucky in that fact. She died having me. My father is dead too, and he never knew me. I saw a man decapitate a woman. Have you, walls, seen blood from a woman’s neck? Have you, stones, watched as your closest friend was dragged off to suffer while you could only beat against a door, doing nothing else to help? I failed Laram and my aunts. They may die because I did not succeed. 
Do you have a father, you metal bars? A man thought he was my father, and he threw a drunken man into a booth with me and locked the door. I wonder if there were good fathers before the Revolution. Surely, you stones were created before the Revolution. Couldn’t you tell me? 
My tears course down the stones as the story of the past becomes the present. I press my hands against the moist stones. 
When the sun rises in the afternoon sky, I will be placed before men to be taught a lesson. I don’t know what they’ll do, because they can’t risk breeding with me. Or perhaps they will but kill me before a child can form. A line will appear. I will be an example to future failures. Unlike the other wife, I will not have the strength to be silent. My throat will grow hoarse from screaming and perhaps someone merciful will end my misery quickly. 
Through the hollow humming filtering through the prison, I hear a curious sound. 
Certainly, I am mistaken. There it is again. It is short, starting like a whimpering pant. From low to high. I pull my hands away from the stone, leaving handprints in the tough stone as if it was made of soft clay.  
I look at the window. 
