Something blocks the morning sun. “Laram?” I whisper, my voice rough. 
He makes his grunting sounds.
“Run,” I tell him. “Run before they catch you. Tell the aunts to run too. I don’t want them to kill you too.”
The tears clog my throat and then I realize Laram has disappeared. I slump down onto the dirty floor and feel exhaustion taking me under. A few minutes pass before I hear shouting. 
The chatter of the prisoners brings my attention to the aisle. Laram peers into the cell in front of mine, then at me. He chirps loudly. After licking his finger, he presses it to the lock. The door swings open, showing me the icy keyhole. 
Laram rushes into the cell and I feel his arms around me. He smells much better than the floor. I press my overflowing eyes against his shoulder. He rocks me back and forth and murmurs something. I can’t tell what he is trying to say.
“Why did you come back?” I manage, my voice ragged. “By the Goddess, run!”
Laram presses his nose against my neck. I hear footsteps approaching and I struggle to push him away, to hide him somewhere. He chirps until I finally look at his face. He is smiling, though his eyes are wet too. 
“Girl,” says a voice from the door. “You surprise me.” Celrin is smiling and I feel the fear rush out of me, taking my energy with it. 
Both of them help me out of the cell. The people in the cells shout their encouragement. 
Have the Shadow Warriors succeeded without me? 
Once we are outside, I stand before the kingdom. The palace has high walls surrounding it to keep assassins out. Turning back to the palace, I see the hollow shell of the once great edifice. Silently and with great difficulty, I raise my fist to the mansion. As I extend my fingers, the layers separate, creating floors and ceilings again. The rumbling ripples through the kingdom. 
Laram and I fall onto our knees, clutching each other as the sound dies away. Celrin remains standing. We look out at the city streets, as the walls are now gone. A fine dust line encircles us. People peek out of their homes, mostly men. They stare at us, bewildered. Some caution a step forward. They wear the White Guardian dress, showing their allegiance to the regime, and their office within it. Their badges and pins mean nothing to me.
There are other men, who appear from behind the palace. I recognize a few from Celrin’s bar. Laram beams and looks at me expectantly. Relief washes over me.
I bow my head low, letting my hair fall over my face. I place my palms on the ground and rest my head on the fingertips. In another story, this would be a sign of obedience to the men. I would be subjugating myself. Of course, that is another story.
The ground bubbles under some men, incasing them in a sphere of earth. 
