Under others, the earth waves, forcing men to their knees or bellies. The earth then spikes, raising with great speed a long brown needle through the men’s innards. I do not look up as I hear the men’s mouth fill with blood as they gargle. More of the crimson liquid drips down the spike. I do not look up as the men shout from their earthen graves. The air will run out and soon they will stop that noise. 
Lastly, I make the air ripple through the kingdom. It sings of victory, of righteous justice. Gentle women and kind men, the Shadow Warriors present you a victory. One death by righteous hands will be forgiven. I watch with my mind’s eye as the ripple dies off to the far reaches of the kingdom, bounces back off the edges, then returns to the center, to me. 
Celrin whistles low. There are men and women shouting. Yet there is something else. A few are retreating from me. 
I bow perfectly still until Laram places the cloak over my bent body. I sit up, holding the cloak around the collar. Looking away from the men, I face Laram. My vision blurs.
I ask, “Can we go home now?” At least, that is what I try to say. My face crashes onto the ground and I can taste the dirt swirling up around my face. I don’t have the energy to cough. Laram is over me and I hear others. A current drags my will under. Could this be death?
IV
I wake sporadically from dreams of falling. During the brief moments I am awake, Laram feeds me thick broth and helps me to the toilet. I do not know where I am, but it is warm and clean. As soon as I am back in the bed, I am dragged under again. The last and first sensation is always Laram’s hand in mine. I do not struggle against the current and slip between sleep and life for six days. 
When I am finally able to stay awake, Jaturen updates me on the Shadow Warriors’ progress. The Shadow Warriors used their military arsenal to remove the last of the White Guardians. Some of the Guardians swear they were on the side of the Warriors all along. According to Laram, they glowed green. Soon their blood ran red. 
It takes me another week before I am able to participate in my life again. Laram has gone out to get more herbs for me. He told me that I had worn myself out from lack of food and overexertion of my powers. With Aunt Chatelet away, he took it upon himself to be my nurse. 
In the barely furnished office, Celrin and Jaturen sit beside one another, exchanging notes on what to do next. Our chairs are so freshly made that they still give me splinters. A clean sheet of canvas covers the table, with piles of books and papers over that. Celrin and Jaturen plan to open immigration and emigration, as the Guardians had nearly banned that. 
