I let them lead. I have no reason to be in politics. 
Amazingly, despite the mass executions of Guardians, according to the latest census of the kingdom, there is no shortage of males. It seems there was a male surplus and the Guardians were in the process of trying to decide what to do with them. Guess I figured out a solution. 
My aunts are out trying to find their families again. Some of them are not bothering with the past. Aunt Soyinka is taking care of those born after the First Revolution when the White Guardians took over and helping them to adapt to the Second Revolution. The historians, wherever they may be, decided to call what I had done the Second Revolution. 
The new government has only been up for a month or so, and every day we find another White Guardian. They should be gone soon. 
“Attack at the front,” someone shouts in the hall. Celrin and Jaturen take the slow way out the door and down the many stairs. I get lost too easily and jump out a window. I drift to the scene, a female mob with bats and other weapons. 
“Get back!” I shout. “Away with you!” An air orb forms in the center and pushes them aside. I drop into the center and find Laram, bloody and bruised. Clutched between his fingers is a small sack of herbs.
“What have you done?” Celrin shouts as he pushes the women aside. 
“He deserved it,” one of the women shouts. “He’s a male and all men are alike.” 
“Is that so?” Celrin asks. “I was in charge of the largest district of Shadow Warriors who brought you your freedom. Are you calling me a White Guardian?” 
Their voices merge as the shouting continues until I gasp. What a small sound does among such loud noise amazes me. There is silence. 
“Zorana?” Jaturen steps close behind me. 
“He won’t open his eyes.” I press my hand against his bloody cheek. “Why isn’t he healing? All Wizards should heal by now.” 
Celrin collapses to Laram’s side and presses his hand against his neck. “I can’t find a pulse.” 
“But Wizards are immortal,” someone shouts from the crowd. 
“No, no.” I’m losing control of my voice, it is drifting away from me. “We can heal nonfatal injuries.” I suddenly cannot see, my eyes blurry and heavy. “Fatal wounds—We can die.” I turn to Celrin, then Jaturen. “He isn’t dead. He’s still warm.” I hug him close, laying his scarlet veined forehead against my shoulder. 
“The dead can retain heat.” Jaturen brushes the tears from her eyes and reaches out for my hand. 
I pull away from her. “No, Laram is pretending. You know how he pretends for attention. He’ll start his heart again and he won’t get cold and he won’t be dead.” I touch my hand to his cheek, and then slide it to the back of his head. I feel the sticky, cold blood. The fragments of bone scratch my skin. 
