The fatal wound…
Closing my eyes, I press my forehead to his cheek. I wait for the pulse. Laram, I think to him. Stop scaring me. Laram. Nothing happens. I open my mind’s eye and see a deep purple light inside him. It is dimming, fading. Spreading my inner vision further, I see my own purple light at my core. I slice it in half, sending needles up my spine. I can feel myself being dragged back down to the empty pit where my mind had stayed while my body and magic repaired itself. But the halves regenerate, becoming whole. The pit of my stomach feels empty and I feel as if I have only just woken from my six days of slumber. I send one half down my arm, up into my fingers, and into the base of Laram’s skull. The open wound allows it to travel down his spine and latch onto this center. I watch as the dimming light suddenly stops fading. It flickers, then begins to brighten. I feel the bones begin to grow and reattach at the base of his skull. I hold him close, feeling the heat radiate from his being. 
Celrin gasps and Jaturen squeals. I dare not open my eyes yet, fearing an illusion. 
“Thank,” a voice says, crackling from ill-use. A throat is cleared. The voice tries again. “Thank you.” 
I suddenly realize the voice is from Laram. I immediately drop him. 
“Ah!” He lands on his backside with a thud. “Zorana,” he scolds. “You have to be careful with your magic.”
“You aren’t Laram.” I shout, my hands becoming fists. Have I brought back another soul?
“I am, and I am not.” He grins, without the childishness. “I’m still me.” He makes his sad sounds, complete with frown and drooping eyebrows. There is my Laram again.
“I don’t understand.” Jaturen reaches out and combs the bone fragments from his hair. “You never spoke before.” 
“Well, it’s a long story.” Laram looks up at the women. “Can we go somewhere more hospitable? Zorana looks like she’d like to have a more comfortable seat.” 
Celrin laughs and helps Laram and Jaturen stand. Laram holds his hand out to me, but I push myself off the ground. Celrin and Jaturen lead the way to the palace while the women dissipate. Laram remains standing with me, waiting. 
“You look unhappy.” His hand still outstretched for me. I take a side step away from him and walk a quicker pace than usual, keeping my arms crossed over my chest. 
He chuckles and nudges my shoulder with his hand. “Have I taken your voice?” 
I look up, meeting him full in the eyes. Same muddy eyes. Same face. Same dirty hair. But not Laram. I walk on, trying to keep my steps deliberate while my vision clouds. 
In the main office, Celrin and Jaturen treat Laram like a guest, making him sit before they take their seats. I sit beside Jaturen, my eyes on my hands and not on Laram. 
