Laram bounces, with his chair, to my side. I can almost see the light in his eyes, begging me to look at him. 
“Would you like a drink?” He holds out the herbs he has clutched in his hands. There is a fine covering of dirt on his fingers. 
I shake my head slowly, but Jaturen brings me a cup of tea. 
“Well,” Celrin starts. “I would like to hear your explanation now.” 
Laram places his elbow on the armrest and rests his head on top of his fingers. I drink the tea to avoid speaking. Leaning toward me, he manages a smile. 
“To begin, my name is Hayden. Both my parents were Wizards. My father changed his name from Arion to Matova.” I look up suddenly. He nods slowly. “Yes, you killed him.” I cannot look away from him now, staring to take in this new face. The new Laram—no, Hayden, the son of the man who made me and my aunts suffer for too long.
“My mother was Nachan, famed Sorceress of the northern district. Their marriage was for my father’s father to gain territory and an alliance. When I was born, my father had begun his plans of a new society of men subjugating women. My mother, horrified she had a son, cursed me to remain an Elemental and to be unable to speak and command, like my father was doing at that moment.” Now his eyes meet mine, shiny with tears. “All good spells must have a condition to reverse it. So she said that I must die at a woman’s hands, and be brought back by a woman Wizard. Because the White Guardians were beginning to purge the sorcery ranks of females, she was sure that I would never be cured.”
“She showed her work to my father.” Laram—no, Hayden—looks away from me. “He killed her on the spot. She screamed the entire time. When he realizing what he had done in killing the original curse-caster, thus never knowing the way to reverse her deed, he threw me away. He claimed a raid from an enemy kingdom killed my mother and kidnapped me. He later invaded them and took the land, having his ‘revenge.’” Hayden smiles as he throws back his head. 
“I was saved by a mason, who taught me how to work by fire. He was a part of the Shadow Warriors as the White Guardians grew in power. But then he was killed when the Guardians realized his disloyalty. I was then shuffled to a farmer who spent half his free time in the water. Thus I completed my fire, water and earth lessons without the aid of a Wizard. I hadn’t learnt air when the farmer was forced to sell me into servitude because he needed the money. I can’t blame him. He had seven sons.”
Laram, no, Hayden reaches for my hand. I let him take it. “And the rest,” he whispers, “we know.”
I finally see Hayden, an Elemental, my teacher, my friend.
