He is a flower, dying in winter and blossoms again in the spring, better than the previous bud. Despite the differences, it is the same flower, the same Laram-Hayden, my friend all the same. 
“The attack,” Celrin starts, “it has proved my fears reasonable. We’ve had too many attacks like this, but to have it at our front door.” He rubs the bridge of his nose. “We need a union of the genders to show equality rather than superiority of either gender.” 
“You and Jaturen,” I suggest, ignoring Hayden as he rubs his fingers against mine. “You, Celrin, will gain the recognition and prove what a male should be.” 
“I have a better idea,” Jaturen says, laughing to herself. “Zorana is already the kingdom’s heroine. And Laram,” her soft eyes turn to him, “Hayden, you are already known as her confidant, at least, to people who have seen you with Zorana.” 
I feel my chest tighten. “You want us to get married?”
“It won’t be a marriage for love, it is for the kingdom.” Celrin explains, his palms facing me. “Certainly, you don’t want males to be subjects either.” 
“No,” I whisper, turning my eyes to my lap. “I suppose if it is for the better of the kingdom.” 
Hayden whimpers. 
I turn to him. “You can speak now.” 
He grins. “Well, it won’t be exclusive, if that is what you are worrying about.” Hayden winks a dirt-colored eye. 
I can’t stop myself from laughing. “No, that is not even close to my worries.” I pat his hand, keeping my eyes from his face. 
“It will be a simple ceremony for the kingdom to see what should be done.” Jaturen explains as she stands to walk to my side and give me a fierce hug. “I will handle everything.”
Hayden pulls me aside and Jaturen and Celrin back away into some hushed discussion. 
“Zorana,” he says very softly. It is so strange hearing him say my name. “I don’t want an unwilling wife.” 
“Laram,” I wince. 
Before I can correct myself, Hayden has his arm around my shoulders. 
“Call me whatever you like. But tell me, do you want to grow old with me, and be with me always?” 
I consider this for several moments. “I have been with you nearly always, but I don’t deserve it.” 
Suddenly, his arms are around me and I can feel the tears streaming down my cheek. 
“You need to forgive yourself,” he whispers in my ear. “I have forgiven you a long time ago.” 
My arms wind around Laram and he is warm. We stand like this for some time. I catch my breath and sigh. “I’d like to try. I think—I know I would like to be with you always. But I don’t know what a wife does. I don’t know if anyone could tell me.” 
Laram pulls away from our embrace to look at my face. “I know nothing of being a husband. Would you like to learn together?” 
