I laugh and the tears come again. “Yes, I would.”
Thankfully, Jaturen does plan everything. After a flurry of activity and messengers, the wedding day arrives. It is early morning. I’m standing before Aunt Chatelet, who serves as the religious guide for the ceremony. I am dressed in a black gown, solemn colors compared to the usual red because of all those who have died before me. It is simple and covers me to the toes. Hayden wears a deep blue. He looks like an adult, but I suppose he has been an adult for a while now. 
“Zorana of the Dawning Dusk,” Aunt Chatelet starts, substituting my parents’ names with what truly raised me, a harem of suffering and strength. I can feel my face warming. I am an adult too.
“Will you allow yourself to be subjugated and forever serve your mate and his desires? Will you never object to his wishes? Will you breed monsters from your womb?” Aunt Chatelet winks at us before regaining her stern composure. The words are a gross parody of past vows. Aunt Soyinka wrote them. 
“I will not,” I answer. “Independence and love is what this union will strive for.” 
“And Lar—Hayden of the Dawning Dusk.” Aunt Chatelet blushes at her error. “Will you crush your mate under your heel? Will you drive her life and allow no compromise? Will you make decisions without consideration for your other half?” 
“Never.” Hayden licks his lips, trying to remember his lines. “Perseverance and—I know this.” he turns to me and winks. The crowd laughs at his good humor. “Oh, I remember, joint dependence. That’s what I pledge to this marriage.” 
“Now.” Aunt Chatelet slowly raises her hands. “You are joined.” At her last word, the bottom of my gown and Hayden’s trousers light up in fire. We rise into the air, fanning the fire upwards to eat away our clothing, and our past lives. The ashes fall away, revealing our new set of clothes. We both wear white garments, me in a full gown and Hayden a fine ivory-colored suit. As we drift back to the ground, the crowd explodes in applause. 
We clasp hands and bow to the crowd. The roar does not end for many long moments. Finally, we are allowed to stand. The feast begins with everything anyone could want. Women can now eat meat, but I do not particularly desire it. I adore fish and curry. After stuffing ourselves for hours into the afternoon, we take a long carriage ride back to the palace. 
Hayden laughs as we bounce back and forth in the carriage. This ride is an improvement over my first. Finally, we settle down and look out at the purpling sky. I use his chest as a pillow and put my legs up on the velvet seats. Hayden gently pulls the pieces of colored paper the children threw from my hair. “I am I supposed to call you ‘wife’ now?” 
“No,” I whisper as my mind slowly drifts away to sleep.
