It’s difficult – not to mention somewhat demeaning to the artist – to try to create a formula by which Belgian artist René Magritte created his works. If such a cursory formula were to exist, it would probably look like this: a sedate and perfectly normal environment plus something odd, which throws said environment off kilter. Such is the case with “Time Transfixed,” an oil on canvas work produced by Magritte in the late 1930s.
The painting is deceptively simple. It depicts the wall of a bare space. A mirror hangs on the wall. Below the mirror is a fireplace. On the fireplace sits two empty candlesticks. Between the candlesticks sits a square, black clock. However, things don’t really get interesting until one examines the painting’s focal point, which exists inside of the fireplace. Here sits a small black train floating in midair. The train’s front end faces outside of the fireplace. A plume of steam (or smoke) emerges from the top of the train and into the fireplace.
Despite the surreality of a tiny train peeking out of a fireplace, the piece itself is painted in a very clear and unabstract fashion. There is nothing extraordinary about the colors, nor is there anything strange about the proportions used, aside from the fact that the train is obviously several time smaller than an actual train would be. In fact, the style in which the painting was created appears so clean that the objects in the painting begin to look unrealistic, as if we’re looking at idealized versions of the objects in question rather than concrete representations of the objects.
There is, however, something odd going on with regards to motion in “Time Transfixed”: it doesn’t seem to exist. Though it is true that the plume escaping from the top of the train appears to have some sort of sense of motion to it, the train itself does not have any telltale markings or shadows that indicate that it might actually be moving. This makes the painting all the more bizarre: the train, being still, lacks a functional purpose. This oddity, however, is not unique to the train. One could argue that nearly every object in “Time Transfixed” has been stripped of its functional, everyday purpose. For instance, the fireplace lacks depth, which would make it rather difficult for it to contain a fire. The candlesticks are empty, and as relatively plain mantelpieces, they barely act as decorative devices. The mirror above the fireplace reflects only the objects directly in front of it. All else reflected is pure nothingness; thus one could say the mirror isn’t performing up to its full potential. Even the clock lacks purpose, if one takes the title “Time Transfixed” as a literal description of what’s going on in the painting. If time has indeed stopped, then the prospect of using a clock becomes useless.
I should note that the notion of objects being stripped of their practical value is the closest I’ve been able to get to anything even slightly resembling a narrative or literally purpose of the painting. 
