Even after all of the time I’ve devoted to looking at “Time Transfixed,” I’m still not sure of what exactly it “means.” The matter of fact style that Magritte uses makes discerning meaning all the more difficult; such concreteness makes extrapolating any sort of emotion from the painting somewhat unfathomable.
However, this is not to say that the mystery inherent in Magritte’s painting is a bad thing. In fact, it is likely that this very mystery is what draws viewers into this work of Magritte’s year after year. This sense of mystery combined with his highly accessible style and creative juxtapositions will no doubt continue to fascinate viewers for years to come. That being said, whether those viewers will be able to draw meaning out of Magritte’s paintings is a different matter entirely.
One of Levitin’s core notions within This is Your Brain on Music is that of surprise. To Levitin, surprise – specifically, a moment in which the listener’s anticipations would be violated – is so important that he devotes an entire chapter to the subject, titled Anticipation. In this chapter he writes: “Music is organized sound, but organization has to involve some element of the unexpected or it is emotionally flat and robotic.” (Levitin pg. 111) Unfortunately this information, published in 2006, wasn’t available to the writers of the Most Wanted Song and the Most Unwanted Song, written and recorded nearly ten years prior. The two songs, created by the aid of online surveys, were an attempt to do just what their titles imply: to (respectively) create a song that most listeners would find pleasing and a song that most listeners would despise. However, given that this is music we’re talking about – which, like all art forms, is totally subjective – interpretations outside of the creators’ intent are not to be unexpected. Thus it shouldn’t come as too much of a surprise when I say that I believe the two songs failed in their intent to be pleasing or unpleasant. Where the creators of The Most Unwanted Song intended it to be hinging upon unlistenable, I found it to be a fascinating listen, although I would hesitate to call it pleasant. Conversely, I found listening to the Most Wanted Song to be unenjoyable. The reasons regarding why this may have been can be explained clearly via Levitin’s aforementioned ideas concerning the importance of surprise.
	In the Most Wanted Song, there is almost no surprise. The song plays like an all-too conventional song that one might gloss over on listening to a “lite” radio station. This is readily apparent in examining the instrumentation – and thus the timbre – of the song. The instruments used in the song are not in the least bit unordinary; instrumentation prominently includes extensive use of a drum machine, saxophone and a synthesizer reminiscent of a clavichord. Two lead vocalists spearhead the instruments: a soulful female jazz vocalist and a gritty male vocalist whose timbre echoes that of Bruce Springstein. The melodic structure of the song is also quite simple. 
