The song follows a verse-chorus-verse-chorus-bridge-chorus pattern, one that is not atypical in rock or pop songs. There is only one notable characteristic of the Most Wanted Song that could possibly be construed as surprising: the use of key changes throughout the song. In transitioning to the chorus, the song moves from its tonic of E flat major to C major. However, a key change in and of itself does not necessarily imply surprise. This key change is so subtle and happens so often that it quickly becomes mundane to the listener.
	Mundanity, however, is not a problem in the Most Wanted Song’s so-called evil twin, the Most Unwanted Song. Let the reader note that this isn’t necessarily a compliment; though the song is consistently surprising, it makes use of surprise so frequently that the song quickly becomes jarring. The most notable instance of this grating sort of surprise can be seen in the sheer variety of types of music that the song attempts to make use of. The song is divided into a number of very clear sections – sections including (but not limited to) a rap section, a cowboy song out of a western, and songs about holidays ranging from Yom Kippur to Labor Day. This is jarring enough, but it’s made even more surprising when instrumentation and timbre comes into play. For instance, male vocalists typically perform rap pieces – thus coloring our expectations for when we hear rap music. However, in the consistently anticipation-violating Most Unwanted Song, the rap piece is not delivered by a male vocalist; instead, it is performed by a (presumably) classically trained soprano singing in an operatic style. Even further, the songs about holidays are performed by a slightly out of tune children’s choir and the cowboy section is occasionally accompanied by a bagpipe. Though this all makes for exciting listening, it is by no means enjoyable. It could be said that the song acts as an addendum to Levitin’s theory regarding the importance of surprise. Though surprise and violation of expectations is vital for an enjoyable listening experience (as the prior song proved to us), there is such a thing as having them violated too much.
	Again, though the Most Wanted and Most Unwanted songs were recorded nearly a decade before Levitin’s book was published, the two songs work wonderfully as a cautionary tale against both not following Levitin’s advice and following it too excessively. Though neither song could be called either the best or the worst song ever recorded, the songs still prove a point: that in creating music, one must follow rules – however, there are no rules that necessarily guarantee a great song.
Saturday December 5th
	I find it kind of odd that it’s taken me long to begin recording an album. This isn’t to say that I haven't flirted with the idea in the past; however, a number of things have held me back.
	I first tried my hand at writing songs within the pop/rock framework when I was in eighth grade. 
