There was a problem, though; I attempted to construct my songs by writing the chords first. Now, there’s nothing wrong with this – that is, unless you took the approach that I did. Back then I was of the conviction that if I wrote a song, it had to be completely and totally original. That meant that the chord progressions that I used had to be wholly unique. It doesn’t take a Vandercook graduate to realize that this is a pretty naïve thought. It’s rare for a pop/rock song to have a totally unheard of chord progression. Just look at the songs of the late 50s and early 60s. The chord progression I - IV - V (popularly known as the chords to “Louie, Louie” or “Hang On Sloopy”) probably appeared in hundreds of popular songs of the era. Needless to say, this doesn’t mean that all of the songs sound the same; this is where varying melodies and rhythms help.
	There were a couple of other obstacles that stopped me. One was that I had a profound (and equally irrational) fear of singing. I was afraid that if I ever tried to sing, I would be no good, not that I had actually ever tried to verify whether or not this was true. Luckily, this changed when I was about 16. That was the year I got my first car; you can make the connection there.
	The final obstacle was that I was never sure what I should actually write songs about. Because I was (painfully) aware of my adolescence, I was unwilling to be emotional or sincere for fear of coming off as whiny or immature. However, things have changed since then. These days I am perfectly comfortable with my whininess and immaturity.
	I still toy around with songwriting every now and then. I’ve never really written or recorded anything of any merit, primarily because of that whole “what to write about” thing. Luckily, with this semester project, that shouldn’t be an issue. My subject matter has already been decided for me: things that I’ve learned about during my first semester at Shimer. My goal is to write and record nine songs. For the sake of fairness and interestingness, I intend to write three songs per class. Given the rate at which I've started on this project, this amounts to writing and recording two songs a day over the next few days.
	My primary goal for this project is that these songs will be enjoyable, even to those who have no familiarity with the subject matter. Ideally these songs would be something that someone would be willing to listen to outside of the context of a Shimer semester project. This, I think, will be the most ambitious challenge of this project, especially given the tight deadline I'm working under.
	I started the project today by fully writing and recording a song about Francis Bacon titled (surprise, surprise) "Francis Bacon." I got the idea for this song a couple of weeks ago while lying in my bed trying to fall asleep. 
