This led to the genesis of this entire project. I guess it's safe to say that without Francis Bacon, neither this project nor our modern conception of science would exist.
	I'm pretty pleased with how the song turned out. My original image of the song entailed a rather gypsy jazz sort of sound. By the end, though, I feel as if the song sounds more like a bizarre carnival anthem, which is kind of a pleasant surprise.
	In many ways this song has set the tone of the entire project. From it I've learned how to most effectively use the recording software that I'm using. Upon finishing the lyrics I also realized that these songs are going to be of a very cursory nature. This doesn't bother me too terribly, though; one can only cram so much depth into a two and a half minute song.
	I was also struck by the amount of words and phrases that rhyme with the word "Bacon" - that is, if one takes a few liberties with pronunciation. There's fakin', mistaken, rake in, awaken...the list goes on and on. I was so enthused by this discovery that I ended up going a little overboard in attempting to rhyme things with "Bacon": "Now open up the oven door/and I will throw a cake in/and we will have ourselves a slice/in honor of Mr. Bacon." It's probably for the best that this lyric was axed.
	In order to stay on schedule, I'll have to write and record two songs tomorrow. I have a few snippets of ideas, but none are as fleshed out as "Francis Bacon" was. Tomorrow will really be indicative of how this project will go, in that I'm going to have to come up with two songs with rather limited inspirations. I'm excited, though. At this point in this venture looking at a blank canvas has filled me with excitement rather than despair; hopefully that doesn't change.
Sunday, December 6th
	Sitting in a coffee shop writing this entry. My computer refuses to connect to the place's wireless network and my iPod is being uncooperative in helping me drown out the music here (techno that sounds like a skipping record). Fitting, because today's work was rather frustrating.
	Writing two songs was a relatively straightforward process. I settled on two subjects - Tolstoy and Gilligan - and wrote out the lyrics and chords for songs titled "Is It Art?" and "The Web." The prior was envisioned as a 50s style rock and roll track, while the latter ought to sound something like something that the punk band Pavement might produce - that is, if Steven Malkamus (their lead songwriter) woke up one morning and found himself overcome with a profound interest in feminism. I feel that the lyrics aren't particularly profound for either of the songs, but given the slapdash process I'm obliged to follow (not to mention my inexperience with songwriting), I'm not terribly concerned nor surprised.
	The recording process is where things got complicated. I thought that recording "Is It Art?" would be easy-peasy. 
