Wrong, and I have no one but myself to blame for that. I made the mistake of attempting to begin recording by first laying down a dummy vocal track recorded over a metronome. I then attempted to add handclaps and guitar after that. The problem, though, was that I had no base rhythm to work with. This made recording a guitar part difficult.
	After about an hour and a half's worth of floundering I decided to scrap everything I'd recorded. I browsed through the library of drum tracks that came preinstalled with my computer in an attempt to find something that would fit nicely in a good old fashioned rock and roll song, but I had no luck. I then resorted to programming my own drum track with a program called iDrum, which I used to create the drum track for "Francis Bacon." iDrum is a wonderful program; however, using it to make a roots rock song is kind of silly. For one thing, a drum machine doesn't lend itself well to the drumming style inherent in fifties rock. That particular style of drumming is rather sloppy; on the other hand, a drum machine is perfectly precise. Secondly, the drum sounds included with iDrum are primarily of an electronic sounding nature - I have a feeling that the programmers were aiming for a market interested in creating hip hop and electronic music. I found that attempting to make these songs work within my given framework to be difficult in a headache inducing sort of way.
	A couple of ibuprofen later, though, I was on my way. After getting the drums finished, recording "Is It Art?" was pretty easy. I'm content with how the track turned out. Midway through the recording process I realized that the song bore sort of a resemblance to songs from the Beatles' early years. Upon realizing this, I tried to milk it for all it was worth. This is particularly apparent in the guitar solo, which I occasionally double tracked portions of, aping the sound of the solo in "Can't Buy Me Love." Hopefully this is just familiar enough to listeners to remind them of the group's Beatlemania era; however, ideally listeners won't be able to outright say, "That sounds like 'Can't Buy Me Love!'"
	Exhausted by what turned out to be a rather laborious process for a song that clocked in at under two minutes, I decided to quit for the day for the sake of my sanity and creative energy.
	On an unrelated note, I found myself at Barnes and Noble earlier in the day, where I came across a book called Songwriting for Dummies. I flipped through it on a lark and found myself profoundly disappointed. The advice it gave was pretty empty. You know: "Write about things that you care about! Personal experiences make great fodder for songs! If you're in a bind, try eavesdropping in on conversations and using phrases from them as lyrics!" Upon flipping to a page that advised aspiring songwriters to take a close look at the works of "The Beatle's", 
