I decided that looking at the book any longer would be a waste of time. Now, if it'd had a chapter about how to write songs based on things you've learned about at your Great Books school, maybe things would've gone a little differently.
	On a more serious note, I intend to start reading Oliver Sacks' Musicophilia tomorrow. I'm not expecting to get any songwriting advice from it, but maybe I'll be able to gleam an insight or two from it. 
Monday, December 7
	Managed to record two songs today. Both were rather straightforward as far as recording goes.
	The first, "Look At The Web" was written yesterday. I believe I mentioned it in the last entry. Recording it was pretty simple. The only instruments on this track were guitar, drums, and my voice. I intended to give the song a sort of a sloppy feel. I learned, though, that it's difficult to make a song sound sloppy but not as if it were hastily thrown together. Hopefully I succeeded here.
	The second, "Hey, Hunger Artist" was also pretty easy. I originally envisioned the song to be a little more lush - perhaps like a bubblegum pop track from the sixties - but while recording demo tracks for the song, I realized that the composition might lend itself better to a simple arrangement. I'm very pleased with this one; it may be my second favorite right after "Francis Bacon." It's probably my most self-consciously goofy song. I think this is fitting; Kafka's writing always has comic undertones, and it only made sense to bring them to the surface here.
	Speaking of goofiness: it hasn't taken me long to realize that there's something inherently goofy about all of the songs I've written. This doesn't concern me too terribly - I can be kind of a goofy guy and I came to terms with that long ago - but what I don't want to do is make a mockery of my subject matter. This is particularly true with regards to the Social Sciences readings. I'm alright with writing a song about phlogiston or Tolstoy that could be interpreted as having a jokey sort of vibe; however, writing a song about DuBois that could be interpreted as such could come off as tasteless. I don't think there's any easy solution to this concern of mine; the best I can do is to trust my intuition and hope for the best.
	Regarding time: on average it takes me about four hours to create an entire song. This entails both the writing and recording process. However, that doesn't include all the time that I spend thinking about this project when I'm doing other tasks. This project has constantly been in the back of my mind since Saturday. I like to think that even when I'm not consciously thinking about the album, my unconscious is working trying its damndest to put pieces together. A quote by Ned Rorem that Sacks uses in Musicophilia sums up my feelings rather nicely: "I'm never not working. 
