Even as I sit here chatting of Kafka or cranberries, sodomy or softball, my mind is simultaneously glued to the piece I'm currently creating; the physical act of inserting the notes on a staff is merely a necessary afterthought."
	I have four songs recorded. That's about 44% of my project that I have done. It's going to be very gratifying to make my way over the halfway point tomorrow; still, I fear that it's going to become more and more difficult to generate ideas for this project as time goes on.
Tuesday, December 8
	Wrote about half of one song that I’m tentatively calling “The World’s Made Up Of Number.” I say “half” because I’ve only made a rough sketch of the chords and melody; the lyrics still have yet to be written. The other song – and the only one that I managed to fully write and record today – is called “The Veil.” The melody came to me out of nowhere while I was reading. I hummed it into my computer’s microphone and wrote out the whole thing a couple of hours after that. Usually I have to sit down with my guitar and actually work a little bit to end up with a melody. Maybe I’ve started to train my subconscious into helping me out with this whole songwriting thing.
	While filling out the details of “The Veil,” I decided the song would work best as a short, fast, Ramones-y sort of piece: no complex chord progressions, nothing terribly exciting with the bass or the drums, and most of all no guitar solos. The song ended up clocking in at a minute and thirty seconds, which makes it the shortest song I’ve recorded yet. The song’s length (or lack thereof) is totally fine by me; as The Dead Kennedys said over and over on their 28 second ditty called “Short Songs”: “I like short songs.”
	I spent the rest of the night playing along to favorite songs of mine. Honestly, it was an act of procrastination, but I like to pretend I was trying to learn a thing or two from the masters.
	I’m now a little over halfway through this project. Frankly, I’m starting to get a little tired of it. I’m ready to move on to something new – preferably something that doesn’t involve recording music. Songwriting and recording can be enjoyable, but I’ve been working on this project in a very regimental sort of fashion, which has taken quite a toll on me. I’m seriously entertaining the prospect of packing all of my musical instruments away for at least a week after this project has come to an end.
Wednesday, December 9
	I think I’ve hit a wall. I’m having a difficult time with continuing to do this. Generating and fleshing out ideas at a pace like this is exhausting. It’s as if my mind is saying to me, “Nope. You’re on your own, buddy.”
	Wrote and recorded another two songs. The first was “Plato and Ideas,” based loosely off of the Ion reading we did at the beginning of the semester. 
