I didn’t think it would be possible to write a “personal” song given my subject matter, but I think this one is about as personal as it can get within these parameters. I’m only half joking when I say at the end that I wish the gods would provide me with divine inspiration.
	I attempted to record some vocal harmonies for this song, but that didn’t work out. In my mind I had some very lush sounds floating around; however, when they were actually recorded, they ended up being very painful to listen to. I have no vocal training at all (which ought to be apparent to anybody who listens to this album) and that’s something I’d like to change by the end of next semester.
	I realized after recording this track that it might be nice to split the album into two halves. The first would be the “band half” and the second the acoustic half. I’ve always had a fondness for very simple arrangements, and it only makes sense that that would shine through on this record.
	With that in mind I finished writing the second song, “The World’s Made Of Number,” which to me feels like a song attempting to explain the Pythagorean worldview to children. It’s a cute song, but it’s not one of my favorites on this album.
	I’m very seriously considering calling these seven tracks the whole album. I know that my goal was to record nine songs, but I would prefer them to be nine listenable songs. I’m not sure that will be possible given my lack of creative energy.
	I think I’ll sleep on it.
Thursday, December 10
	After a lot of contemplating and noodling on the guitar in an attempt to maybe squeeze out one more song or two, I decided that I’m going to stick with the songs that I’ve recorded. I think seven songs amounting at about twenty minutes time is rather decent work for five days. True, seven wasn’t my goal, but something doesn’t feel right about slogging through two more songs just for the sake of it.
	However, I did decide to record one last song. Two caveats, though: one, it was written a month ago. Two, it doesn’t exactly fit into the theme of this album. In spite of all that, I feel as if now is a good time to record the song; plus, I know of a few people interested in this project who have asked me for a recording of this song, and this feels like a great way to get this song to them.
	The song is titled “A Lullaby For The Barely Woken” and it was written for a two minute play with the same title. The play was created as a result of my class with the Neo-Futurists, a local theater group who hold truthfulness and brevity in high regard. The song nicely reflects how I’m feeling right about now. Again, it doesn’t exactly fit the theme of the project – though I suppose with some finagling I could make it about Weber’s theories regarding the spirit of capitalism – and so I’m labeling it as a bonus track.
