	And with that I’m done. Currently I’m in the process of burning discs and creating a webpage so others can listen to the project if they please. I also created some album artwork just a few hours ago, which will be bundled with the CDs.
	Not only was this project a neat way to reflect on what I’ve learned this semester, but it taught me a thing or two about what I’m calling forced creativity. Though working in this fashion is a little unnatural to me, I’ve learned that it’s doable, albeit rather difficult when done over and over in a short period of time.
	In listening to this project, I’ve noticed one big thing that I’d like to change, and that’s my voice. Though I’m not as self conscious about singing as I used to be, I’m still less than happy with my abilities (or in some cases, my lack of abilities) throughout the songs. I think that I’ll try to take some sort of vocal class somewhere in the city next semester.

	One thing remains, though, and I’m bummed that I won’t get a chance to discuss it in these journal entries. I’m very curious to see how others react to this project. I mean, I’m doubtful that anyone will flat out say, “This is horrible!” to me, but I should be able to at least sort of meter how well people like what I’ve created.
	I’m going to press the print button. Then, for the sake of finality, I’m going to put my instruments away for a little while. Hopefully in about a week’s time, I’ll feel refreshed and ready to play again. Maybe by then I’ll even be willing to write a few songs that don’t have anything to do with great works of the western canon.
Introduction
	Every urban center has its fair share of diverse neighborhoods. Many neighborhoods are based on the race shared by most of its inhabitants. For instance: many cities have an area called Chinatown made up mostly of Chinese residents. Manhattan’s Harlem has a rich history tied closely to its black population.
	 However, race isn’t the only characteristic that can define a neighborhood’s population. As Chicago’s Boystown shows us, sexual orientation (while not as openly visible as race) can be a major characteristic used to define oneself – so much, in fact, that it can be considered partially responsible for creating a center point for an entire community.
A History of Lakeview
Boystown belongs to a larger neighborhood on the north side of Chicago known as Lakeview. To better understand Boystown, it’s necessary to have a brief understanding of the history of Lakeview, which has had a fairly significant effect on Boystown’s growth and development.
	In the mid 1800s, Lakeview had yet to come into existence. Instead, it was an area not too far from Chicago comprised entirely of countryside. Native American tribes such as the Ottawa, Winnebago and Miami were known to use the area as a temporary camp. However, this changed come 1853 when real estate dealers James H. Rees and E. E. Hundley established a hotel in the area, entranced by its rural vibe and incredibly clear view of Lake Michigan. 
