Thanks to the latter characteristic, Hundley suggested naming the hotel the Lake View Hotel, inadvertently naming what would eventually become the second largest neighborhood of Chicago.
	Not long after the establishment of the Lake View Hotel, a cholera epidemic struck Chicago. In an attempt to avoid being struck by the outbreak, many Chicago residents and families fled from the city. More than a few Chicagoans sought refuge from the disease at the Lake View Hotel, and like Rees and Hundley before them, found themselves charmed by the rural atmosphere. This inspired many of the hotel’s residents to invest in land around the area. Three years later, the town had a population of 45,000 residents (many of which were farmers) and Lakeview was deemed an official city of Illinois. However, come 1889, this changed, and Lakeview was annexed to Chicago and became a neighborhood of the city. Though this decision was controversial among many members of the community, it ended up having a hugely positive economic effect on the neighborhood. The decision resulted in a sudden interest in the real estate of Lakeview, causing many residents (and the neighborhood as a whole) to experience an “economic boom.” In the midst of this, many buildings sprouted up around Lakeview, 40% of which still exist to this day.
A Split from Lakeview
	As Lakeview entered the 1950s, it found itself straying from its family and farmer roots. As the area became more and more popular, a large number of high-rise apartments were built, attracting both singles and couples without children. For these groups, apartments were ideal since actual houses (such as those owned by older, wealthier Lakeview residents) were far too expensive for them. These older residents saw the influx of childless couples and singles to be a problem, and in an attempt to halt their new migration, established a group known as the Lake View Citizens Council. The group attempted to stand its ground by attempting to keep the physical structure of Lakeview true to its roots, discouraging the building of structures like high-rise apartments. However, this attempt did not completely succeed and instead resulted in the creation of a handful of new mini-neighborhoods within Lakeview. Example neighborhoods include Wrigleyville (a community heavily influenced by Wrigley Field) and New Town, a division of town full of trendy shops and denizens heavily influenced by counterculture. In the midst of these new neighborhoods sprouting up, Boystown was born.
	Historically speaking, this is where things start to get a little shaky. It’s difficult to say with certainty when Boystown as a neighborhood began. Some sources I found whilst studying the neighborhood cited the 1950s as the neighborhood’s birth date, while others cite the march of the first Gay Pride Parade in 1970. But as Aimeé Chiu wrote in her thesis Boystown: Queer Space: “Very little information exists in peer-reviewed journals about the history of Boystown and how it became to be such a strong…presence in Chicago.” However, the scenario that she goes on to paint is incredibly compelling, and was without a doubt the most plausible scenario of all those I encountered in my research.
