	To make a long story short: Chiu theorizes that gentrification played a major part in Boystown’s existence. 
To make a long story long: After World War II, the area of Lakeview that would become Boystown gained a fairly significant population of minorities such as Asians and African Americans. By the 70s, the Asian and African American population of the neighborhood reached 23 percent. As the minority population of the area increased, though, the housing market (not to mention the houses themselves) began to significantly deteriorate.
Not long after this took place, gentrification took hold. By the end of the 1980s, $350 million had been spent on renovating the area, resulting in a major drop off in the Hispanic, African American, and Asian population. However: whereas the racial minority population significantly declined, the gay population had a totally inverse effect. By the late 80s the ward of the 44th district, Bernard Hansen, reported he had learned from a survey that “25 percent of the population was gay or lesbian.”
Again: though this fails to specifically state what brought a significant gay population to the Boystown area (save for the prospect of cheap housing and the fact that the first Gay Pride Parade was held in the area), it is still the most plausible theory that I’ve found in my research.
Later in Chiu’s research, she writes of a possibility for Boystown’s future that (somewhat) regards gentrification. “Boystown may be on its way to becoming a kind of paradox,“ she writes. She states that through first hand observation, she has noticed that the trendier that Boystown becomes, the more straight couples tend to flock to the area. “The queer identity of the neighborhood is at risk of becoming less salient as it just becomes a trendy place to live.”
Since this thought of Chiu’s is based centers mostly around first hand observation and speculation, there’s only one way to see if it has any credence. This is where my group’s visits to Boystown came into play.
Visiting Boystown
Our first visit to Boystown was perhaps our most baffling one. Upon planning our first visit, our group was unsure as to where Boystown’s borders began and ended. Research brought up an interesting characteristic of Boystown: though the neighborhood is one of Chicago’s most prominent, few can agree as to what Boystown’s boundaries specifically are. For the sake of simplicity, our group focused mostly on the area between the intersections of W. Grace and N. Clarendon and W. Belmont and N. Halsted.
One searching for Boystown with nothing but a map to guide them will likely be in for something of a shock; not only was it clear that the neighborhood had no official borders, but also, the neighborhood lacks any signs that let visitors know where they are. Throughout our visits, our group didn’t see a single sign that said Boystown; instead, we were greeted by semi-futuristic sculptures that (rather unhelpfully) contained nothing but the name Lakeview.
However, after heading south down Halsted (and nervously chattering about whether or not we had missed the neighborhood entirely), it quickly became apparent that we were in the right place. 
