Rows of 25-foot tall rainbow pylons ran up and down the side of the street. Not only do these pylons hint toward the sexual orientation that the community bases itself around, but are also somewhat indicative of the neighborhood’s structures as a whole. Much like the street’s pylons, the buildings of North Halsted are generally very clean and stylish looking. Most of the buildings didn’t look as if they had been recently built – the clear exception being the shiny chain buildings (i.e. Caribou Coffee, Coldstone) that tend to congregate on the northern side of Boystown.
It’s worth noting that these two buildings were among the few chain stores that we encountered while in Boystown. The rest of the buildings appeared to be locally owned stores, restaurants and bars. Again, though the area is no Michigan Avenue, it’s difficult to think of words beyond “stylish” and “trendy” to describe the vibe that the area gives off.
There is, though, another word that can be used to describe a decent sized portion of Boystown: edgy. Boystown has a fairly significant amount of gay bars and sex shops – so much, in fact, that in a Chicago Tribune quote from the 1980s, Boystown was said to have “the largest gay entertainment strip in the Midwest.” Again, though there are no signs in the area that blatantly read Welcome to Boystown!, one realizes that such signs would be incredibly redundant. Shops with names like Gay Mart and signs like Leather Sport very easily one know that they aren’t exactly in the Lake View Citizens Council’s side of town anymore.
Though it’s relatively easy for one to tell that they’re in Boystown by looking around at their surroundings, it’s a little trickier to make these kinds of assumptions just by glancing at residents. During our visits (made mostly around 5 PM and 11 AM), few people were out and about. Those that were walking around were both male and female. The population we saw appeared to be mostly white and under the age of 35. However, it wasn’t possible for us to make assumptions regarding the population’s sexual orientation just by looking briefly at passerbys. Unlike certain classifications of people, like race or gender, it’s difficult to accurately examine one’s sexuality by simply staring at someone for a couple of seconds. Perhaps it would have been easier to get a better idea of this by stopping by Boystown during its peak hours (when there would have been higher odds of seeing couples holding hands, etc), but unfortunately, scheduling conflicts prevented this option for most of our group. Because of this, it became difficult for me to judge whether or not Chiu’s speculation that Boystown’s gay pride and population is in the process of being watered down.
However: I can state with certainty that from my observations of the neighborhood’s structure, it seems unlikely that Boystown is going to become diluted any time soon. I say this not because of the symbolic structures I saw (like the rainbow pylons), but instead because of the businesses in the area. 
