For a neighborhood in Chicago to have more locally owned businesses than it has chain businesses is a significantly impressive feat that says a great deal about the unique circumstances behind Boystown. Assuming that these Boystown oriented businesses remain a stronghold in the neighborhood, I consider the odds of the area losing its flavor to be quite low.
Introduction
Though philosophy as a study has existed for hundreds (if not thousands) of years, many of its fundamental issues still remain the same. In this class, we’ve taken an extensive look at one of these particular issues: the nature of truth and knowledge. Despite the many years and mindpower that have been devoted to this particular issue, philosophers have yet to come to a definite conclusion regarding the essence of knowledge or truth. As one can easily guess by just glancing at the vast body of work that has been dedicated to this particular subject, the reasons for this lack of definiteness is not because this issue has been neglected; instead, it is because the questions that this subject poses are rather abstract, broad, and open ended. As a result, theories relating to the nature of knowledge and truth end up being just as diverse as the questions that they stem from.
	At first glance, these various theories seem to have very little to do with one another (with the exception of the broad subject matter that they all address). Though it's true that John Locke - one of the most influential philosophers who spoke of thought and knowledge - never explicitly wrote of Plato (an equally influential predecessor), it's clear that Locke's works has a tendency to indirectly address Plato. In this essay, we'll glance over a few of the basic theories that Plato and Locke provided. We'll also take note of the instances in which Locke addresses his precursor in thought.
Plato
	Our analysis begins with the earliest of the three philosophers, Plato. Though Plato’s ideas today may appear somewhat surreal or quaint, they are responsible for inspiring a long lineage of dialog.
	Though it’s difficult to explain Plato’s theories regarding knowledge in only a few terse paragraphs, one can get a good idea of his ideas in understanding a concept that Plato dubbed the forms. In his writings, (specifically The Republic) Plato describes the forms as the absolute, unchangeable truth. He claims that the forms are the “cause of all knowledge” (508e) and that, subsequently, everything on this world exists only as mere reflections of the forms. 
In the Phaedo texts, Plato develops his idea of the forms a little further. Here, Plato lists a few of the other characteristics of the forms. Notably, he also describes the forms as not just intelligible, but also “invisible, divine, immortal and wise” (80e). This is clear evidence of Plato’s belief that the forms act also as the idea of the good. 
	Plato also explains in the Meno texts that every person’s soul contains complete knowledge of “all and everything” (81b). However, for one to take advantage of all of this knowledge, one must engage in the process of recollection, a process that requires one to “have courage and faint not in the search.” 
