[81d] In order for one to do this, one must use the resources available whilst alive – specifically, the world surrounding them (which is comprised of reflections of the forms) – and use them in an attempt to work toward the forms.
	In summary: Plato shows in his writing that he believes in a concept of truth as something that is absolute and unchanging. He also believes that knowledge is something that is relatively innate to human beings.
Locke
	John Locke, a 17th century British philosopher, took an approach toward the concepts of truth and knowledge that is almost completely contrary to Plato’s. In particular, Locke’s biggest criticism regarding Plato’s work involve Plato’s assertions that knowledge is innate.
	Locke begins the second chapter of the first book of “An Essay Concerning Human Understanding” with his thesis in block letters: “NO INNATE PRINCIPLES IN THE MIND.” Locke goes on to explain this throughout the essay, claiming that, save for basic feelings we experience in the womb, we come into the world with our minds as blank slates. Though the Latin phrase “tabula rasa” (meaning blank slate) is has close ties to Locke and his theories, Locke never uses the phrase in his writing. Instead, he opts to compare the mind of a person at birth to an empty cabinet. In paragraph 15 of his essay, Locke says: “The senses at first let in particular ideas, and furnish the yet empty cabinet, and the mind by degrees growing familiar with some of them, they are lodged in the memory, and names got to them.”
	Though this works as a clear and interesting way for Locke to describe how exactly the mind works when innatism is out of the picture, it fails to completely solidify why Locke believes that there are no innate principles working within the mind. Locke does, however, eventually explain the reasons why he believes the mind does not contain any innate principles.
	In one of the two notable ways in which Locke denies the existence of innatism, he brings up the example of “children and idiots.” Children and idiots, Locke argues, both have minds like any other human being, minds which (according to an innatist) supposedly contain certain pieces of innate knowledge. However, neither group necessarily proves to take advantage of any so-called “innate” knowledge. This is where Locke calls shenanigans, so to speak. “For to imprint anything on the mind without the mind’s perceiving it,” he says, “seems to me hardly intelligible. To say a notion is imprinted on the mind, and yet at the same time to say, that the mind is ignorant of it…is to make this impression nothing.” (Though this does not explicitly address or attack Plato’s theories or writings, it’s worth noting it appears Locke is taking direct aim at Plato’s claims of the forms and recollection.)
	In the second notable way in which Locke refutes believers in innatism, Locke brings God into the picture. We can assume from Locke’s writing that the belief in the existence of God was something that many thought to be innate; however, Locke efficiently disproves this in his writing. 
