He cites examples of civilizations that were known to not generally have belief in God, proving that the idea of a God is not necessarily one that is innate in its nature.
	Locke goes on to make a fairly bold claim: if belief in God is not an innate behavior, then it is impossible for any other behavior to be innate. “If any idea can be imagined innate,” Locke says, “the idea of God may…be thought so; since it is hard to conceive how there should be innate moral principles, without the innate idea of a Deity.” Locke then goes even further: “If the idea of God not be innate, no other can be supposed innate.” Locke’s argument here is that if the idea of God is the idea “we are most concerned to have”, then it doesn’t make sense for our minds to contain any other innate characteristic.
	Again, though Locke never explicitly mentions Plato or his writings throughout his works, Locke’s writings manage to directly refute Plato’s work in such a way that is nearly undeniable. However, at this point, one must ask: if Locke regards innatism as null and void, then how does one manage to fill their mind with knowledge? Locke very succinctly explains himself not long into Book 2 of An Essay Concerning Human Understanding: “To this, I answer in one word: EXPERIENCE. In that all our knowledge is founded; and from that it ultimately derives itself.”
	Locke’s argument in the second book is focused mostly on how ideas are born out of experience. According to Locke, there are two different types of experience. Locke calls the first type of experience sensation, which he describes as a "great source of most the most ideas we have, depending wholly upon our senses." The second type of experience, Locke says, is called reflection, which Locke defines as "the perception of the operations of our own mind within us...which operations, when the soul comes to reflect on and consider, do furnish the understanding with another set of ideas." Locke goes on to explain that all of our thoughts exist as a result of either (and in many instances both) sensation or reflection.
	This not only solidifies Locke’s ideas further, but it also has a second, subtler purpose: to deny credence in Plato’s theories.
Conclusion
	Though both Plato and Locke’s writings seem to have more differences than similarities, upon further examination, one can see that they both belong to the same lineage of thought. True, Plato may have been under the impression that the mind relied on innatism and Locke may have believed that one’s thoughts were completely based on experience and reflection; however, a lineage of thought becomes very apparent as one notices that Locke’s thoughts and writings (despite being markedly different from Plato’s) contain many instances of ideas and theories that seem to directly refute those of Plato. In spite of this, Locke never once directly mentions Plato or his works.
	Though this practice seems somewhat unique, one can see from looking at philosophy as a whole that this practice is fundamental to philosophy as a study that has been constructed over many, many years. 
