In fact, this practice of discrediting ideas and theories without the need for direct refutation exists to this day, and it will undoubtedly continue to exist for many years to come.
Chopin’s The Awakening has become well known in literary circles as one of the first and most outstanding examples of feminist literature. Indeed, the work was so ahead of its time that when it was published, it was met with much outroar and controversy. However, there is something very curious about The Awakening as a feminist piece of literature. Throughout the text, there are a variety of examples to suggest that the novella’s protagonist, Edna Pontellier, could exist as a representation of masculinity. I realize that this may appear to be a relatively outlandish statement, however, I intend to answer two questions to lessen the outlandishness of this: how – that is, how is Edna painted as a symbol of masculinity? - and why. We’ll begin with the first question of how. 
Our first hint of Edna representing some sort of masculinity comes relatively early in the novella – in chapter seven, to be exact. During a scene in which Edna and Madame Ratignolle take a visit to the beach, the two are briefly compared to one another. “The women were both of goodly height,” the passage says, “Madame Ratignolle possessing the more feminine and matronly figure.” Here the text contrasts the two women. This poses a question that the reader is left to answer: if Madame Ratignolle appears more feminine and matronly, then what adjectives do we have to describe Edna? In this instance, opposite adjectives come to mind; if Ratignolle is feminine and matronly, perhaps that would make Edna appear more masculine and paternal in comparison.
More masculine descriptions of Edna appear throughout the text; most notably, the word handsome. The New Oxford American Dictionary’s first and primary definition of the word handsome is “(of a man) good looking.” Indeed, most English speakers today would agree that the word handsome is most aptly used to describe attractiveness in a man; though to use this word to describe a woman is technically appropriate, it would likely be met with some bemusement or offense. In spite of this, Edna is described as handsome six times throughout the novella. (It’s worth noting that the word appears nine times in the text; though it is at one point used to describe a house, it is never used to describe a man.) Again, the word handsome is more frequently used when describing a man rather than a woman. This further builds upon the evidence that Edna may exist as a symbol of masculinity.
However, as the old saying goes, one shouldn’t judge a book by its cover; thus it would be a disservice to rely purely upon physical descriptions of Edna to prove she is a representation of masculinity. Though the masculine physical description of Edna is compelling stuff, it exists purely as a fascination without taking Edna’s behavior into consideration. Luckily, there is no shortage of examples of Edna acting in a fashion readers might interpret as stereotypically masculine.
