The first notable example of Edna acting in a masculine fashion occurs in chapter eleven of the novella, in which Edna rests outside after embarking on her first ambitious swim. Here Edna’s husband has an argument with her, commanding her to come inside for the night. She resists her husband’s orders, instead opting to come inside when she feels like it. The chapter concludes with this:
“Are you coming in, Leonce?” she asked, turning her face toward her husband.
“Yes, dear,” he answered, with a glance following a misty puff of smoke.
“Just as soon as I have finished my cigar.”
Not only does Edna stand up for herself, defying her husband, but also she goes on to order him. In an act that is even more surprising and role reversing, Leonce obliges. In an ironic twist, he submits to Edna despite Edna’s refusal to submit to him. Here we see Edna acting in a fashion that is more husbandly than wifely, and thus more masculine than feminine.
As the novella and Edna’s “awakening” progresses, Edna goes on to act in a more independent fashion that could be interpreted as stereotypically masculine. Very clear examples of this independent (and somewhat stereotypically masculine) behavior include Edna’s move from her house and her further refusal to submit to her husband’s demands. However, evidence of Edna as a representation of masculinity is not limited to Edna’s major decisions and actions; one can also see examples of possibly masculine behavior in Edna’s less prominent actions as well. Edna’s behavior in chapter thirty six, in which she sees Robert once again. Here Edna leans over and kisses Robert. In popular culture and literature, it’s typical for a man to initiate a kiss. Again, a role reversal takes place here, and Edna acts in a fashion that is more stereotypically masculine.
My examples thus far have been somewhat oblique, relying generally on inference and evidence that isn’t entirely empirical. However, The Awakening contains at least one clear reference to Edna as a representation of masculinity. This occurs in chapter 26 of the novella. Here Edna receives a glass of brandy and drinks “the liquor from the glass as a man would have done.”
At this point I feel that I’ve made an adequate case for Edna as a representation of masculinity, but I’ve failed to answer a very important question here: why? It seems that great pains have been taken to make Edna appear as if she is representative of masculinity; however, despite pointing out a handful of instances in which this occurs, we have yet to address why this may be. This is where things start to get a little complicated; though there is only a finite amount of examples regarding how Edna is supposed to represent masculinity, there seems there could be an infinite amount of theories regarding why Edna could represent masculinity. That being said, two theories come to my mind; one is psychological, while the other is a little more practical.
	My first theory I have only of an inkling of, and that regards Freudian psychology. 
