Character Analysis
	Understanding the personality and motives of a character in a play can be an extremely tricky endeavor. In life we have a huge assortment of information, memories, and personality traits that drive our actions and decisions. We take our experiences and knowledge of the world and set goals, morals, and standards for ourselves so that when we are placed in a given situation we know how to react. Our cumulative understanding of life directs us every day without us even realizing that it does.
Most characters in plays happen to be people, just like us. They have to be driven by the same types of ideas and understandings that guide us in our everyday life.  If they are not rooted in a real past that has shaped and molded the goals, values, and personality they have today they are hardly anyone at all. They would have no reasons for doing any of the things they do. We as audience members would see dead empty people walking across the stage partaking in dialogue and action for no reason at all other than the dictation of the script and director. It becomes boring and unrealistic to us because we cannot relate to an empty human nor understand who they are or what they are doing. The joy from watching a performance comes in observing people react to situations we are not, and often cannot be, in. We watch them and learn from their mistakes and successes and apply it to ourselves. Without the ability to relate to the character, this is impossible.
The tricky, and often problematic, aspect of finding a real human inside a character doesn’t arise with the large fleshed out ones in a play but with the little ones. Such limited information is given about them that they are often forgotten and left in the dust. It doesn’t take allot to read into a character and develop a strong understanding of who they are and how they came to be. It is up to the actor to take it upon themself to make the character real to them and bring them to life.
The Cherry Orchard by Anton Chekhov has many of these small characters. One great example is Charlotta Ivanovna. She is the governess of Anya, one of Madame Ranevsky’s daughters, and proves to be quite the mysterious character. She goes around doing magic tricks and entertaining the visitors of the estate while muttering observations about characters in German. All we find out about her past is that she used to perform in traveling fairs until her parents died and she was taken in by a German woman. She does not know where she is from, who her parents were, or even when she was born. In other words, everything about her is strange and unsettled.
On the surface, this doesn’t seem like much to work with but if we dig deeper it is obvious that allot is given to us. The easiest place to start is to ask questions about what we already know. 
