What is it like for a child to travel from fair to fair performing in shows? Would they love every minute of it or would they wish for a more stable life? Charlotta seems to have enjoyed that time in her life as she speaks of it with reverence. Even today she goes around entertaining those around her so I bet she loved the attention she got as a child just as she loves the attention she gets now. I even believe she loved the traveling aspect of the show because it added spice and excitement to her life. Anya mentions that when they were traveling to fetch Madame Ranevsky Charlotta performed tricks for the people they met on the way just as she did when she was younger. It is a sign that she misses her past and what could have become of her future had her parents not died and works to hold on to what she has left of it.
What becomes of a person who doesn’t know where they came from? They would have no family, no ancestry, and no history beyond themselves. Even if they were taken in by someone who loved and cared for them as their own there is still that missing gap in their lives where their family history should be. For Charlotta it seems as though this has made her rather hard to get close to for fear of lose but once you do she would guard you with their life. This is shown through the way she treats Semyonov-Pishchik who clearly has a crush on her. She, in some ways, plays along with his flirts however it is always for humor. It’s never on a real level and almost as if she is acting and not letting him see the real her. It can also be seen in her choice of profession. She is a governess, someone hired to teach and protect someone who does not appear to be able to do so themselves. It can be a reflection of what she wished she had had growing up and has therefore devoted her life to being for someone else. There is so much to discover about Charlotta Ivanovna if she is delved into enough.
One must be careful not to learn too much however. It is important to know the past of a character very well so that it is clear why they make a choice but it is equally important to not know the choice they are going to make before the time calls for it. Unless the character happens to be psychic they have no clue what is in store for them. The actors naturally do and must be able to block this knowledge so that the characters can draw upon who they are and truly make their own choices. Knowing too much about the choices a character will make and the events that will happen to them has the same effect as knowing too little; a show that leaves the audience uninterested.
