10/05/2010
Paper #1: Does Winston Retain Free Will?
	In George Orwell’s 1984 Winston Smith goes through a powerful ordeal in the Ministry of Love where he comes out a changed man. Before his entrance to the Ministry of Love he considered himself a rebel that wanted to do nothing else but overthrow The Party and Big Brother. He lived out his life with a mask of “quiet optimism” (Orwell, 5) on his face and hatred for the corrupt, controlling, and unjust society in which he lived in his heart. He vowed that he would willingly blackmail, throw acid in a child’s face, and cause the murder of hundreds of innocent people if it helped the Brotherhood, the underground and possibly fictional party opposition group, become one step closer to ending the reign of Big Brother. The same man, however, makes a complete one eighty and by the end of the book seems to be irrevocably in love with The Party. After leaving the Ministry of Love Winston has no trouble digesting the information given to him by The Party and writes off any beliefs he has of contradictions to what he is told as “false memories”. (Orwell, 296) In fact, the very last line of the book given as Winston’s life is being taken by The Party is “He loved Big Brother” (Orwell, 298)
	What happened to Winston to cause this drastic change in him? Some would say that the Party, particularly O’Brien, found a way to rob him of his free will. They think he can no longer think for himself and make decisions based on his own beliefs. I disagree with this assumption. I believe that Winston has not lost his ability to act freely against The Party but his desire to. In the Ministry of Love Obrien changed the way Winston thought which therefore changed his desires and how he chose to utilize his free will. Winston still has the power to do as he pleases but what he now wishes is to support the party with his love and devotion.
	Before I continue reinforcing my understanding I must first clarify what I mean by the term “free will”. Free will is the ability to make choices based on your wants and desires provided that the wants and desires behind the choices are your own. This does not, however, mean that outside powers cannot influence your desires. For instance, suppose I were shopping for a new printer and I asked one of my friends if she liked the Hp one she currently owned. If her response was that the Hp printer was the best that ever existed and never jammed it would influence my desire to buy that particular model. Conversely, if she warned me that her printer caused her nothing but trouble I might be less inclined to purchase the same one. Both responses would sway my decision one way or another but they would not force my decision either way. 
