Unless someone posses a mind control device that literally forces thoughts into my mind that tell me I want to buy the Hp printer the one who decides which printer to buy would ultimately be me.
	Other than literal mind control the only other way to get me to buy a specific printer without me having any decision in the matter would be through physical force. A distinction must be made here as well concerning the phrase “physical force.” By physical force I mean someone other than myself controlling my body and forcing me to go to the store and purchase the printer. For instance someone tying me up, dragging me to the store, and forcing my hand to swipe my credit card for the purchase would be physically forcing me to buy the Hp printer and I would not have free will in the matter. However, physical threats do not fall into this category as they still retain the basic principle of free will; making a decision based on wants and desires. If someone were to point a gun to my head and tell me if I didn’t buy the Hp printer I will die I would still have a choice; buy the Hp printer or die. I, naturally, would buy the printer but that does not mean I did not have the choice to die and that I did not make the decision to buy the printer out of my desire to live.
	This definition of free will applies easily to 1984. Winston shows he has free will very early on during his memory of the Two Minuet Hate. He knows he is supposed to be expressing his anger towards Goldstein and Eurasia yet he remarks that “It was even possible, at moments, to switch one’s hatred this way or that by a voluntary act.” (Orwell, 15) He is able to change the direction of his hate towards Julia and proceeds to imagine himself flogging her, shooting her with arrows, and cutting her throat. His mere thoughts about these actions are punishable by death and Winston knows he will be punished since he has become a thought criminal and thought criminals are always caught. The threat of being caught does not stop him from having these fantasies which proves even more he had the ability to think as he pleased.
	Winston also demonstrates this same freedom of will in many ways during his visit to O’Brien’s house. First, he chose to bring Julia along which was a dangerous decision propelled by his love for her and eagerness for them to make the journey to The Brotherhood together. He knew every danger associated with coming to O’Brien’s house and that it was multiplied by arriving together as he states in the quote “It had been a rash act to come here at all, and sheer folly to arrive together” (Orwell, 167) and yet, Winston’s need to overthrow The Party with Julia is so strong that it overrides his want to be discrete and avoid capture. 
