His acts of free will continue at O’Brien’s house during the interview where he agrees to do many vile things in the name of the Brotherhood even if they appear to have no reason but he will not leave Julia. 
In this situation Winston was forced to make a choice, Julia or The Brotherhood, and he freely chose Julia. It can be assumed that these acts were committed with his own free will because it would have been more in his interest to do otherwise and there was no apparent force on him to act as he did other than himself. It would have been easier to come without Julia and to say that he would leave her if the Brotherhood needed him to but his desires made him make a different decision.
	Since based on my definition of free will, it is apparent Winston acts freely before he enters The Ministry of Love, the main question becomes does Winston manage to demonstrate freewill after he leaves. The answer is openly shown in the novel. Winston “knew as though instinctively that they [The Party] now took almost no interest in his doings.” (Orwell, 290) He was not being watched and there was no danger in him doing anything he pleased since he was, as he mentions often, a dead man walking. He even demonstrates the laxity of the danger and his ability to make choices by choosing to converse with Julia, an action that is most likely outside of the interest of The Party. What then, stops him from continuing his dream of overthrowing the party? His own wants and desires. Winston decides to live out his days in the Chestnut Tree Café drinking clove flavored gin and solving the daily chess puzzle. No one is physically standing behind him and forcing the gin down his throat. He chooses to write off memories of his childhood as false memories. No one is inside his head telling him that they are fake. Winston no longer wanted to take Big Brother down simply because after he left The Ministry of Love he no longer had the desire to do so. Winston lost his need to fight and chose instead to join and admire.
	Although it is now shown that Winston has free will at all times in the novel the mystery of his transformation has not yet been solved. It is very obvious that something did change within Winston and that he did lose some vital part of his being. This then brings up a new question. What changed within Winston to cause him to remodel his wants and desires if he did not lose his free will? I believe that all hope Winston had that there was a way for The Party to fall was ripped away from him and any yearning to have them overthrown went along with it.
No mercy was shown on Winston in the Ministry of Love and it was made certain that he was completely broken down and persuaded to follow the ways of The Party by any means necessary. They starved, beat, and shocked Winston. 
