They interrogated him for hours until he was so fatigued and confused he couldn’t think straight. O’Brien in particular held long interrogation sessions with Winston where he toyed with his mind with the goal of placing Winston in a state where he could no longer hold any faith in his own strength and would then trust only in the power of The Party. 
It was not enough to pretend to adore Big Brother, he must truly love him and for Winston to honestly have compassion for Big Brother he needed to be reduced to nothing.
 Prior to his arrest, Winston made a vow that he would not to betray Julia. He did not mean betray in a superficial sense, which he knew he would surely do, but to forsake her in his heart. He knew that if he could keep his secret devotion to her deep in his soul and out of The Party’s reach he had won the battle and would never sincerely surrender to them.  Unfortunately, when Winston entered Room 101 and faced his biggest fear, rats, it was the final straw and he abandoned Julia. When he broke his promise to Julia Winston lost all power he thought he had over The Party. He no longer felt he had anything to call his own. His mind, body, and heart had been invaded and he lost the drive to fight against his enemy. With nothing left to protect there was no reason for Winston to avoid realizing his admiration for Big Brother and he finally conceded. Yes, Winston was threatened with rats that were waiting to devour him but he still chose to betray Julia, to surrender, and to truly give up his desire to remove The Party from power. He could have chosen to have his face eaten off. Although this is not a logical choice, it is still a choice that was there. 
Some might bring up the quote from O’Brien “But for everyone there is something unendurable— something that cannot be contemplated. Courage and cowardice are not involved…they are a form of pressure that you cannot withstand, even if you wish to.” (Orwell, 284) and use it to argue that Winston did not actually have choice in the matter but I disagree. To use this quote as proof of lack of free will is to assume that everything O’Brien says is completely correct which is not the case especially in this instance. Winston’s fear of rats is clearly a phobia and it is fact that individuals manage to overcome phobias all the time. In some cases it takes years of practice and therapy but for others a moment of extreme urgency can push them to ignore their terror in an instance. Think, for example, of a mother with a deep aversion to water jumping into a pool to save her drowning child. Fear does not make decisions for us. It does, just like my friends opinions on her printer, influence our desire which in turn influences our choice but the choice still remains. 
