To say that the use of Winston’s phobia against him constitutes the removal of free will is simply erroneous. Winston loses many things but he does not lose his free will. To take away an individual’s free will would require abilities, such as the control of someone else’s mind or body, that do not seem to exist. 
There are cases when it does not appear there is fee will involved, such as when one is paralyzed by extreme fear, but even in these cases there is choice. It is easy to confuse Winston’s change in attitude with lack of free will since it is such a drastic about-face but the truth remains that the change in his desires is a product of the torture he underwent while in The Ministry of Love. Although the torture influenced his thoughts it did not make any decisions for him therefore Winston retains his ability to chose and with that power his free will.
11/23/2010
Junky
	Junky by William S. Burroughs follows the life of a junk addict named William Lee. Lee becomes addicted to junk almost accidentally; someone gave him a gun and boxes of half grain syrettes of morphine titrate for him to sell and he decided to test some of it out of curiosity. He had no intention of forming a habit. Naturally, after using morphine a few times Lee becomes addicted to it and his life begins to change immediately. Lee is no longer focused on anything that does not have to do with junk, including his wife and children, and is always looking for his next kick or for ways to ensure he will get it. He starts to push drugs and pick-pocket people on the subway so that he can raise money to support his expensive habit. He gets arrested numerous times and is in a constant state of fear of the cops. He goes through many “cures” and still doesn’t seem to be able to lose the habit. When William Lee is on drugs, and even to a point when he is not, all that matters and all that is worth his time is junk. He tries to quit many times and is often successful yet he somehow finds his way back to junk. Does this imply a lack of free will? Is Lee choosing to take junk or is the drug literally forcing him to continue using? Does addiction imply the reduction or removal of free will? My belief is no; drug addicts do not suffer from less free will than the rest of the population and there is nothing in drug science or the behavior of drug addicts to suggest otherwise.
	In order to examine this question it must be determined exactly what is required to have free will.  Any human that has desires and makes choices based on those desires without being forced to by outside intervention has free will. 
