For instance if I decide I want to go parachuting and I make arrangements to jump  out of a plane with a parachute and leap out of the plane when the time comes I am acting with free will. If I have a sudden change of heart when IÕm in the plane looking down at the world below me and attempt to run back in but is pushed out of the plane by the parachuting instructor it is not of my own free will because at that time my desire was to stay in the airplane. If I am standing on the edge or the plane deciding if I want to jump or not and I get pushed out it is also not of my own free will because I did not make the decision to jump. Although I might have eventually made the decision to jump and it is not necessarily against my will to be pushed out of the plane it cannot be considered free will unless the choice is literally made.
	Sometimes a person holds two desires that directly contradict each other and must choose which is stronger. For instance, if someone is afraid of heights but is challenged to go parachuting they would then have to choose which desire they believe in more; the desire to stay on the ground or to win the challenge. We make these decisions about our desires every day. Someone on a diet might need to decide if it is more important for them to stay on their diet plan or eat chocolate cake. If they chose chocolate cake they have not lost free will because they are acting against their desire to stay on the diet but are exercising it by acting on the strongest desire they hold.
	This idea directly applies to drug addicts. When an addict decides to take the drug and then takes the drug it is obviously within his free will because he desires to have the drug. If he does not want to take the drug but is forced to when someone else injects him with it is not within his free will because his desire was to not take the drug and an outside force makes him use it. Lastly if an addict is deciding if he wants to use the drug or not and someone runs in and shoots him up he is not acting of his free will because he did not directly decide to take the drug.
	You might be thinking I left out an important scenario. What about the addict that decides not to take the drug but ends up taking it anyway? I do not believe this is a possible scenario. When a person tries to quit any drug they are physically dependent on they go through withdrawals. These withdrawals can be violent and include diarrhea, vomiting, sweating and other unpleasant states. It is even mentioned in Junky that withdrawals, or junk sickness in the book, is unbearable because it last for 8-10 days and the only alternative is to keep taking junk. 