Often, an addict will try to quit but when the junk sickness kicks in they feel there is no escape but to take the drug again. Some would say that this represents a lack of free will because the addict suffers sever discomfort that requires junk to relive and even if they decided to quit they cannot withstand the pain. I disagree. I believe that when a junk addict is attempting to quit but fails because of junk sickness he is making the conscious decision to choose relief over quitting. In that moment he might want to quit but he wants to feel relief as well and when one person holds two conflicting desires the stronger desire wins. There is no such thing as an “unwilling addict”. The so called unwilling addict is simply an addict that wants to quit but that wants the next kick or relief from junk sickness more. In this since they are not unwilling at all but choosing to will their strongest desire.
	Lets humor for a minuet the idea that junk sickness does remove free will because it is the equivalent of an outside force compelling an addict to use the drug against their will. Wouldn’t it stand to reason than that all addicts would be unable to quit because of withdrawals unless literally unable to get a hold of more drugs? That even if they stood out for a while they would eventually run back to the drug because the symptoms were simply too much. Why than, are there cases where drug addicts have kicked their habit and overcome junk sickness? It is a fact that some people are able to stop using junk even with withdrawal symptoms. A good example is the soldiers who used opiates while overseas in Vietnam and stopped cold turkey when they returned home. Furthermore, there are clinics and recourses that use reduction cures to help ease withdrawal symptoms. If someone truly wanted to quit but could not stand the full effects of junk sickness they could use one of these cures. With documented situations of people quitting opiates even without outside help it is impossible to deduce that those physically dependent on these drugs do not have the freedom to quit. It is far more likely that they do not actually want above all other desires to stop using the drug and therefore don’t.
	There are also the addicts that do manage to quit but for some reason go back to the drug. This is also a conscious choice that they make without outside force. William Lee even says in Junky that “After a junk cure is complete, you generally feel fine for a few days…Then you hit a sag. It is an effort to dress, get out of a chair, pick up a fork. You don’t want to do anything or go anywhere. You don’t even want junk. The junk craving is gone but there isn’t anything else.” If there is no desire for junk then it can be assumed that nothing is forcing them to go back to it. 
