The reason some people do is because they are searching for something to fill the void that is left from no longer obsessing over the drugs and some people decide that the best thing to fill that void is more drugs.
	Drug addicts do face an extremely difficult situation. There are many tough obstacles for them to overcome in order to kick their junk habit. Between junk sickness and the pleasure they get from staying on the drug it is easy to see how there might be the illusion that it is impossible to quit but it is not. 
Overcoming drug addiction it takes an extreme amount of commitment and will to succeed. To assume that addicts do not have the free will to refrain from using is to assume that no addict could ever stop and that is simply not the case. An individual that truly desires to get off of drugs and whose other desires are lesser to the want to stop using will be able to succeed if they try.
Assignment #1	
1/28/2011
		The Power of Sex Appeal
	In the 1920s there was a surge of celebration in the women’s rights movement with the emergence of the flappers. These ladies showed an open disdain for sexual and social norms and were not afraid to flaunt their opinion. They managed to cause quite a stir in the United States and around the world by sporting bobbed haircuts, driving automobiles, and wearing sleeveless dresses that hit right below the knee. Many ridiculed them for being harlots because of their “overly sexual” way of life. What would the pioneering flappers say today if they opened the August 2010 issue of Vogue and saw a bikini clad woman straddling a topless man in an advertisement for Venus Embrace disposable razors?
	There has certainly been a huge transformation sexually in our society since the 1920s. For one, you would be hard pressed to find a woman who thought a knee length skirt was too promiscuous and fashion trends are only the tip of the iceberg. The advertisement industry is both fuel to and an example of this move towards increased sexuality.  As ads become more sexual people began to become more comfortable and even supportive of increased openness with regards to sex. Sensing that this is what the public wants the marketing industry continues to produce advertisements that push the boundaries creating an endless spiraling cycle. This move towards a more sexually aware society is not, however, a bad thing. Openness about sexuality has actually improved our way of life by making society much healthier emotionally and physically.
Magazines are one of the main sources of advertisements. They literally contain hundreds of glossy print ads vying for your attention in each issue. Marketing agencies spend mass amounts of time and money crafting each advertisement carefully. About 276 billion dollars was spent in 2005 on advertisements in the United States alone in hopes that their ads would stand out and encourage you to buy their product. (Barber 11) 