The ultimate goal is to find out what society wishes for so that they can show you that their product will bring you exactly that.  In order to reach this goal companies must remain very conscious of what the public wants. They conduct polls and hold focus groups to determine the desires of the public. People’s reactions to different ads are measured so they know what works well and what should be avoided. Ad companies are often very adamant about where they want their ad to be placed in a magazine and what can be placed around it to ensure it has the maximum impact on consumers. (Steinem 198-199) 
Ad agencies put so much effort into deciphering our wants and desire that it’s only a given for advertisements to be a direct reflection of what we want and value as a society.
Three ads (figures 1, 2, and 3) from the August 2010 Vogue have many things in common that enforce this very idea. Each one depicts a photograph that takes center stage in the ad and grabs attention before it is apparent what the ad is actually selling.  Any text or information about the product is small so that it does not detract from the picture which is the intended focus of the ad. Because of scarce information, we rely on the image to explain to the product and each photo conveys a message sexual in nature. The individuals in the photographs are mostly, or implied to be mostly, unclothed. Our nude bodies are extremely personal and the showing of it is an intuitive sign of intimacy.  The bodies are also all arranged in a sexual fashion. In The Marc Jacobs Daisy ad (figure 3) the woman is posed laying face up with her legs spread which is a distinctly sexual position. The Venus Embrace ad (figure 2) features another sensual stance showing the couple connected at the waist with the woman’s legs straddling the man.  In the smartwater ad (figure 1) Jennifer Aniston is covered by just a bed sheet as she might be if she had just partaken in sexual activity. The Venus (figure 2) and Daisy (figure 3) ads are both set in nature; the beach shore and an open field respectively. Nature is symbolic for freedom and belonging and gives us the impression that sex is natural and free. The people in the photos are also all individuals average Americans might look up to or wish to emulate; a young and pretty woman, a passionate couple, and a celebrity. They all appear to be happy and content in their activities which make us desire to be in their position even more.
What little text is present on the ads only compounds their sexual character while giving little to no actual information. The main text in the smartwater ad (figure 1) is “My secret revealed.” 