This phrase is a double entendre that could be taken to mean the revealing of her secret love of smartwater but, also refers to her unclothed body revealed under the sheets. The Venus Embrace ad (figure 2) continues along the same lines with the catch phrase “Goddess of swept me off my feet.” The word goddess brings connotations of divinity and beauty and this serves as a reference to the sexual appeal of the woman and the passion the man supposedly feels for her. The Venus ad goes on to say “it’s our closest shave for your closest moments.” hinting at the already applied notion that they had or will have sexual relations and that this product is exactly what they needed to make it perfect.  The Daisy ad (figure 3) works in a more subtle fashion.
It uses the imagery of flowers which are often associated with the female virginity. The simple text of “Daisy” under the portrait almost serves as a label for the woman as if she is an untouched flower herself waiting to be picked in the middle of the field. This naturally transfers all the symbolism one might connect with a daisy to her.
Sex appeal adds a moderate shock value to advertisements so that you are more likely to take a second or longer look when you see it. A photograph of Jennifer Aniston, America’s sweetheart, holding smartwater might get some glances but, a photograph of Jennifer Aniston holding smartwater while lying naked in bed is sure to garner more than a few looks.  A large picture of a razor with information on how well it works is good but, a woman with freshly shaven legs being intimate on the beach with her significant other is much more interesting. When consumers see these photos they, often subconsciously, connect the images to the product whether they are actually related are not. Our brains are wired to believe that things shown together go together. When we see a sexy female lying down with a bottle of perfume our natural instinct is to think “If I had that perfume I could be sexy like her!” These ads, essentially, are not selling the product at all. They are selling the ability to look like Aniston in bed or to have sex on the beach and appeal to our desire to have similar sexual statuses to those depicted.
	Advertisements are just as much a reflection of what we want as an influence on it. Ads are obviously designed to cause us to desire certain things. The more advertisements you see for smartphones telling you how cool they are, how they are the next big thing, and how everyone is getting one the more likely you are to desire one yourself. It works the same for sex and other values. When we see advertisements that depict pretty, happy, and famous people behaving sexually we want to do it as well. 
