	Few things in life truly offer as much versatility as a digital photo frame. It’s perfect for those who just can’t decide which breath taking landscape they’d like to feature on their side table. Still, for the worker who loves to bring a feel of home to their office, there is nothing else that allows for more memories with less clutter.  They come in such an endless variety of makes and styles that anyone interested in purchasing one really ought to spend some time with a digital photo frames buying guide.
	Not only will a digital photo frames buying guide introduce the reader to its many potentials and uses, it explains certain characteristics that a shopper will want think about before making a hasty purchase. Just like traditional photo frames the digital kind is offered in almost every size imaginable. It may help to envision where it is most likely to be used. They are also offered in a variety of finishes, from classic wood to modern metal.
	It’s very important to note, though, that some of the most important things to look for when shopping for a digital camera are not apparent in the cosmetics. Different models will come with different features. A menu option may be available. Here settings like slide show order and randomization, and time spent on each individual picture, can be changed. Features like this allow the owner to really customize their frame. If something a bit more cutting edge is desired, try a model capable of playing short recorded videos!
	Different digital picture frames come with varying amounts of space onto which pictures can be loaded. Typically, a photo enthusiast will not be able to load nearly as many pictures as they’d like straight onto the frame. This space is simply not large enough. Most owners choose to buy a memory card quite quickly if they hadn’t already done so. These cards are easily inserted into the frame and provide space for dozens or hundreds of more pictures, depending on its size and capacity.
	Don’t be in the dark when it comes time to purchase a frame. Consult a digital photo frames buying guide as soon as possible to ensure the best fit. It’s a purchase that will bring you closer to the memories you cherish. It should be capable as lasting as long as they will.	
I chose to focus this week’s essay on the catacombs of Paris. What I found most interesting was that the Christian religion changed an entire culture’s burial tradition. Ever since the times of early Rome, the people of Paris chose to lay their deceased to rest on the outskirts of towns and cities. However, as Christianity came into power, their tradition of burying the dead on Church property, or in cemeteries located within the establishment, became the favored option. So favored was it, in fact, that its popularity drove it to prices that only the wealthiest and most privileged could afford. Still, there were other less fortunate bodies that had to be dealt with, and as the population of Paris was currently engaged in an exploding surge of population, a solution had to be found. 
