The St. Opportune Church is an example of one of these solutions. It was opened in the early 12th century, and changed to a new name of ‘Saints Innocents Cemetery’ by the end of it. The fate of these dead was much different than the wealthier people of the city. Here, bodies would all be buried together. Most were denied even the opportunity of a casket as the one used in the thrown together ceremony often had to be recycled for the next. Not surprisingly, these situations created prime conditions for bacteria and infection to breed. Areas around these lower class cemeteries became next to uninhabitable. It was not until the 18th century that these cemeteries were condemned and shut down. New burial grounds were established once again on the outskirts of the towns. 
One might wonder why it took so long for such an apparent problem to be properly addressed and dealt with. Apparently, those in charge of coming up with ideas were painfully incapable of doing just that. It was not until Alexandre Lenoir observed that stone quarries that had long been collected by the city would serve as a suitable alternative. Transfer of bodies and renovation of the tunnels finally began in 1786.
Starting on the 7th of April, a procession of horse drawn black carriages began, carrying the bones of the deceased to their new, more sanitary resting place. It was a parade that would continue for years to come. Once the bodies reached the site they were transferred into a large well in the ground. Upon reaching this lower level workers deposited the bones throughout the walls of the tunnels. Louis-Étienne Héricart de Thury came along in 1810 to clean up the place a bit. He managed to change the catacombs from a simple, unorganized bone depository and into the structure we see today, with walls even adorned with tombstones and cemetery decorations.
Personally, I imagine the catacombs to be a rather eerie place. I’m sure there are people that have experienced its mystery and dark depths. I thought cemeteries were creepy enough, I don’t think I would ever be able to travel down into the catacombs.
PART ONE
	I thought it would be difficult for me to choose a religion that I was particularly interested in; not because there were none that I found specifically interesting, but because there were too many that I did! In reality it didn’t take me too long though to realize that the one that had most appealed to me was the one I had known the absolute least about. In the case of the other religions, from Hinduism to Buddhism, I may not have known much about any of them, but I at least knew they existed. Jainism was a different story. Before encountering the chapter in our text it’s safe to say, unless my memory is completely failing me, that I had never even heard of it before. It was quick to grab my interest then because it was a religion completely new to me. 
