However, even though I had never encountered it as an organized system of beliefs, some of the beliefs themselves were not entirely foreign to me.
	I grew up in the Catholic Church, and the older that I grew, the more removed from the religion I became. I could not ignore the existence of inconsistencies and contradictions within Catholicism that seemed so apparent to me.  The sacredness of life and the protection of it, in my mind, is one of the more serious transgressions. If God created all life it stands to reason that it all be equal. This is a religion, however, that once advocated the use of slavery. With one all loving God as a universal creator shouldn’t we refrain from the killing of other humans made in his image? Although the theology of Catholicism would answer yes, years of bloody holy wars and crusades are difficult for me to ignore. The sacredness of life transcends all things. Jainism’s acceptance of this school of thought is quite clear.  Followers of the religion exhibit an amazing reverence towards living things, from monks holding clothes to their mouths whenever speaking in order to prevent the inhalation of any microscopic life forms, to the common layperson sweeping the road before them when they walk so as not to crush any fellow travelers underfoot.
	Needless to say, this deeply moving aspect of Jainism fit very well with me. I’ve been known to scan the ground before me while walking. I was excited to read what I once thought was just a strange quirk actually existed as a common religious practice. Furthermore, a Jainist will often observe a vegetarian lifestyle, which I also find appealing.  In this aspect they surpass another religion known for their respect for life: Buddhism. Vegetarianism is not required or even recommended as long as the animal had not been slaughtered by the Buddhist in question. It is not a transgression because even while the Buddhist may be eating the meat, they were not the direct cause of the animal’s death. Jainists do not observe this religious loophole. Although I still find a connection with Buddhism, I really respect the dedication and strict adherence of Jainists to their beliefs.
PART  TWO
	No religion that I’ve seen has ever completely agreed with me in every aspect. Jainism is no different.  I like and agree with the extremes Jainists go to in order to protect life but I do not like the extreme levels of asceticism that may also be observed. 	Two major sects exist within Jainism with the more conservative of the two known as the Digambara. So dedicated are the monks to asceticism that they are not allowed to wear clothing but live entirely in the nude. Furthermore, these men are limited to only two personal possessions. While I feel I should note the respect I have for this kind of dedication, religious or otherwise, the observance of such strict asceticism is not something I see as necessary. I really don’t see it as something that ought to be required for spiritual enlightenment. 
