Another grievance I have with Jainism lies again within the realm of the Digambara. Women are not allowed within their society. They go so far as to say that women are not even capable of reaching the same level of enlightenment as a man. Their policy of nudity is another road block for women. The men of the Digambara believe that a naked woman would create far too great a distraction and temptation amongst the monks. 
	Lucky for me and my gender another more liberal sect exists, the Svetambara, which is willing to welcome women with open arms. In my opinion the existence of this sect largely ensures the very existence of the religion as a hole in modern day society. It’s open to a much larger pool of people, and is a much easier and more realistic plan to follow. If it were not for the Svetambara I would be forced to complain that the religion as a whole is far too discriminatory, as it does not offer access for all walks of life. My complaint would continue onto whether or not the religion was actually realistic in our modern day world. The majority of people today would not be so willing or even able to throw out all but just a few of their possessions and live out the rest of their days in the nude. 
	Thankfully however, the Svetembara does exist. Without the existence of this more modern day sect only the strictest and most removed of monks would be able to practice its sacred beliefs and rituals. This would be both a disservice to the religion and the world. Religions lacking this often fade into the background and are not able to survive the test of time. I think it’s important that a religion like Jainism does not meet that same fate. In a world where the value of life seems to lose importance more and more every day, a religion like Jainism does what it can to restore a bit of humanity to human life.
Robert Hayden: Those Winter Sundays
It is a simple if moving recollection of a father’s love exhibited certainly not through words but actions. Those Winter Sundays allows readers to peek into an otherwise uninteresting early morning ritual where author Robert Hayden offers a glimpse of a unique relationship shared by a father and child. The poem, found on the sixty seventh page of Sound and Sense, is able to accomplish such a feat through the employment of a number of poignant literary devices.  Hayden utilizes structure, imagery and careful word choice to envelop readers in the emotions he attempts to convey. Furthermore a basic understanding of the speaker as well as the profound theme coursing through the poem reveals the essential details hidden in Those Winter Sundays. 
Before hastily diving into a poem it is wise and recommended to take a quick survey of its construction. Those Winter Sundays is broken up into three separate stanzas despite its comparatively short length. 
