An attentive reader will feel a distinct difference between the first two stanzas and the third. The former pair focuses almost entirely on the toiling activities of the father. Hayden’s strong use of imagery here, mostly tactile, paints a clear picture: he puts “his clothes on in the blueback cold” (ln. 2) and uses “cracked hands that ached” (ln. 3). Clearly this is not a mere chilly morning but a “splintering, breaking” cold (ln. 6). Interesting to note is that the first and sole hint of positive imagery, “warm”, appears in the following line only once the father’s caring work is done. It is not until the last two lines of the second stanza that there is any mention of emotion or of the speaker specifically. Here the reader is able to experience and consider how the speaker regards the father and his actions both in the timeframe of the poem and “now”.
The trio of stanzas is written in free verse. No formal rhyme scheme is present. In fact there is an absence of rhyme entirely. It is the use of aforementioned literary devices, and those whose explanations have yet to ensue, that makes this work a poem in the prose form. The lack of rhyme or dramatic frills works to compliment the subject of the poem: a stoic father and his equally stoic affection. Had Hayden chosen a more lyrical style he may have not been so successful in conveying this to his reader. 
Once the reader is aware of the poem’s construction and any implications associated with its form an investigation into particular word choice should follow. The use of imagery through words like “cracked”, “splintering”, and “cold” has been covered but one should further consider why Hayden chose these from his arsenal of vocabulary. Words like “splintering” and “breaking” could have easily been replaced by freezing or numbing to describe the cold. Instead Hayden uses verbs that convey a sense of separation or division, what readers may imagine to currently exist between the observed father-child duo. 
Also crucial to note is the repetition of the word “cold”. It appears three times in the poem, once per stanza, and always in the first or second line. In the first stanza it is described as a “blueblack cold” (ln. 2) that the father wakes up to. “Blueblack” paints the word “cold” in the colors most typically associated with bruises. When followed up with “cracked” and “ached” in the subsequent line the pain the father suffers in spite of his work is clear. When preceded by “indifferently” in line 10, the word cold suddenly takes on a whole new meaning. In cold’s more abstract conception it may certainly be considered a synonym to the word indifferent. Here readers are given profound insight into the way the child viewed their father and his toiling at the time. This discovery is of course located in the third stanza where, as has been covered, emotions and their revelations have been confined.
