Suited with a firm grasp on Hayden’s employed poetic devices a reader can begin to piece together the theme towards which Hayden writes. Imagery paints the scene: a father wakes early to bring heat to the household on a cold day. Word choice evokes the emotion: the man’s stoicism has fostered a frosty relationship between parent and child despite his house warming work. The concluding lines of the poem, thirteen and fourteen, prove however that this does not persist forever. “What did I know, what did I know”? A question is being asked. Its repetition signifies its magnitude and associated regret. The poem itself answers the question. Now older and reflective, the speaker realizes the “austere and lonely offices” (ln. 15) that their father’s love took. (It is important to note that word choice again plays a part here: austere referring to the father’s stern nature and offices to his formality and status as a working man.) 
To further explore this theme the importance of “too” in line one must be appreciated. One can assume that this man wakes up early every day, even on one of rest, to tend to his family and home. Another interpretation implies that the speaker has been considering the matter of their father’s affection for some time now.  They realize its existence as a list of proofs slowly compiles.  A reader will also discover the initial appearance of regret and dark realization in line five’s “No one ever thanked him.” Should any doubt remain that this man was a father of love, though grim, Hayden includes the speaker’s acknowledgment that the father “had polished my good shoes as well” (ln. 12).  Usually reserved for those on street corners who offer such services for a petty fee, to polish shoes is a lowly, paltry task. It was not, though, too low for the speaker’s father and his simple, undecorated love.
The theme of the poem is clear. Hayden’s accomplished use of poetic tools makes it so. One question remains: who is the speaker? It would not be incorrect to assume that this is a grown man or woman who, now of a mature and discerning age, looks back on their youth to capture the love of a father that seems to evade them. A quick glance over Hayden’s biography however may offer another point of view. 
	Hayden was born in 1913 to parents who were no longer together. He was given to another couple and raised as their adoptive son although he was never actually legally adopted. Tensions in the household were high. The mother exercised her lovelorn anger and frustration on young Robert, the emotions and repercussions of which can be seen in Hayden’s The Whipping. As a laborer and pious Baptist the father’s affection was no easier to earn. It would not be erroneous to connect Hayden’s father’s occupation to the description of “cracked hands that ached from labor.” The icy affection attributed to the father in the poem could certainly belong to the likes of a devout and religious man. 
