Reports also claim that Hayden was the victim of repeated patriarchal beatings. One can certainly imagine a youthful Hayden waking up to fear “the chronic angers of that house” (ln. 9).
	Hayden never names his speaker and leaves the interpretation up to the reader. Perhaps this is best. It leaves room for the poem to be tried on and worn by a number of anonymous speakers to which the reader may attribute it to. It may even be a speaker similar to them.  The poignancy of the poem is not a result of this alone though. Structure and imagery paints the scene in which the reader is enveloped. Word choice evokes the emotion. Whether a memory picked directly from his conscience or a mere allusion to his troubled youth featuring entirely different characters, the effect is the same.  Robert Hayden has skillfully created a celebrated poem enjoyed by many in Those Winter Sundays.
	Researching this paper proved to be an extremely interesting, if at times internally confusing, experience for me. I suppose I should have expected that, considering my chosen topic of Islamic extremism or fundamentalism. Unlike other themes I could have settled on this one strikes remarkably close to home. It is something I believe all Americans should have some level of understanding of if we are to preserve not only this country’s safety and wellbeing, but also the sense of acceptance and understanding that we so often like to boast of. I must admit that what I am embarrassed to call my own lack of knowledge played a large factor in my selection. I make it a priority of mine to never be caught in ignorance but to maintain an awareness of what is going on outside my own tiny world, by following the news programs, reading the paper, and engaging whenever I can in debate or constructive conversation with any others who can claim a relatively informed background. News programs, papers, and most partners in personal conversations, however, while fantastically versed in the war and terrorist activities do not offer much insight into the nature of the radicalized religion that lies at the core of many of our current issues. Whether this stems from a general lack of understanding concerning extremism and fundamentalism, or a failure of nationalized media outlets to include such information in their daily content, I realized that for me this was a problem. It was one, though, that would involve extensive time to solve on my own, and so I remained in my cloud of misunderstanding, knowing little about these ‘extremist’ and ‘fundamentalist’ labels. So, while the mandated twelve pages were certainly an intimidating requirement, I did approach the assignment with a bit of enthusiasm, knowing that a good paper would not only help my grade, but be the solution I was searching for to combat my own personal, troubling lack of knowledge on the subject.
	Almost immediately, one of the first things I learned was that the only thing I thought I knew about extremism was wrong. 
