Whichever media outlet I accessed they taught, either intentionally or unintentionally, that extremism and fundamentalism is synonymous with terrorism. By definition Islamic fundamentalism is “a school of thought that supports the return to traditional Islamic ideals and government and that opposes Western influence on the Islamic world.” Also by definition “Most Islamic fundamentalists do not advocate terrorism.” (pg. 5 Jihad) So, in short, a fundamentalist is a Muslim who believes that modern life has strayed too far from traditional religious values, and should return to the more conservative days of yore. In no way are all fundamentalists terrorists. Instead, the majority strive to reach their goal in the privacy of their own homes and lives, without ever trying to force their beliefs on those who do not want them, either in a violent or nonviolent manner. However, the majority if not all of Islamic terrorists are fundamentalists. By taking these fundamentalist ideals to the extremes they become what we know as extremists.  For them the Western world and its cultures are a particularly evil adversary, whose values have been imposed upon them and have compromised Islam, and thus, the divine will of God. Although still early in the paper, I believe that one of the gravest and most central problems caused by extremism facing Islam today is the horrible misconception that comes with this painfully huge reverse in logic. Terrorists are indeed extreme fundamentalists, yes, but the entire Muslim population is certainly not composed of these people. The overwhelming majority of fundamentalist Muslims are peaceful people, and the vast majority of Muslims are not even fundamentalists or extremists! To think otherwise is to impose an incredibly damning stereotype on an entire, undeserving people. Unfortunately, the fear that is bred by terrorists who commit their crimes in the name of Islam creates the stigma that has spread over the rest of the undeserving Muslim community. For Islamic terrorists this unintended consequence is not a problem, but a surprising tool to be used to their advantage. They tout it as a significant testimony to America’s ignorance of the rest of the world. 
	Westernization is “a process, favored by some Islamic politicians and leaders, of seeking the equality of the Islamic world with the Western world.” (pg. 7) Muslims who see an advantage to this Westernization and actually seek its benefits are known as Westernizers. However with the political and worldly advantages of Westernization may come some of our cultural influence as well, like a larger focus on capitalism, and an aura of celebrity worship. A number of Muslims, particularly fundamentalists, do not want this kind of change, and so tout a need for re-Islamization: “a tenet of Islamic fundamentalist thought”. Supporters of re-Islamization believe that problems in the Islamic world are due to the Western influenced movement away from traditional Islamic ideals. The solution “is to return to those ideals.” (Jihad) It is important to note that while all supporters of re-Islamization are definitely not terrorists, re-Islamization is at the very core of the belief system that drives terrorists to their heinous acts. 
