The West is literally their enemy, often depicted even as Satan himself. Its advances are to be resisted at all costs, including the killing of countless innocents in order to keep the damaging effects of Westernization at bay.
	While America is a relatively recent enemy of Islamic terrorists, Islamic terrorism is no new phenomenon. As early as the eleventh century a terrorist group known as the Assassins removed what they deemed to be bad Muslim leaders through the violent process that is actually named after them today.  They even called themselves fidayeen, meaning one who is willing to give their own life for the cause. Their violent reign lasted until they were finally put down in the thirteenth century. (145, The Crisis of Islam) An important distinction is to be made if the history of Islamic terrorism is to be properly told however. These Assassins, along with other early terrorists outside of the organization, acted primarily on a nationalist level.  Their killings were not done in the name of Allah or inspired by any kind of religious fervor, but were instead done in the name of the country, in order to preserve their homeland. The 1860’s and 1870’s, however, brought about the birth of Pan-Islamism, when Muslims began to find their strength in their religious feeling and identity. European invaders by now had been all too common, from the days of the religious Crusades long ago, to modern day attempts of land redistribution in the name of peace. Muslims saw nationalist attempts as a massive failure, and so religiously inspired terrorism was born. (147, The Crisis of Islam)
 	With the birth of terrorism in the name of Islam also came the horrors of suicide bombing and mass casualties, the overwhelming majority of those being uninvolved innocents. Although as noted above, the Assassins referred to themselves as the fidayeen, they never wanted to die at their own hands but at those of their enemies once they were, almost inevitably, captured.  Other early nationalist terrorists did not want to die at all, and instead took great care to strike from far away.  While these terrorists did not operate in the name of Islam the reason for their avoidance of suicide was clearly religious. The religion of Islam creates no confusion when it comes to the act of suicide. It is nothing less than a major sin. However one kills themselves in this life, so is the punishment they will suffer for the rest of eternity. In case that is not clear enough, the Prophet is quoted as saying, with not attempt at subtleties:
	“Whoever kills himself with a blade will be tormented with that blade in the fires of Hell. He who strangles himself will strangle himself in Hell, and he who stabs himself will stab himself in Hell…He who throws himself off a mountain and kills himself will throw himself downward into the fires of hell for ever and ever. 
