He who drinks poison and kills himself will carry his poison in his hand and drink it in Hell for ever and ever…Whoever kills himself in any way will be tormented in that way in Hell…Whoever kills himself in any way in this world will be tormented with it on the day of resurrection.” (153, The Crisis of Islam)
	Religious terrorists groups like Hazma and Hizbullah were the first to use suicide bombing in 1892, in Lebanon and Israel. Since that time the  trend has remained largely the same: to take as many lives as possible, and to use a young, poor, male as the bomber, although female suicide bombers have appeared since that time. The things promised to these bombers in order to encourage their participation also have not changed much: an unrivaled paradise in the afterlife and awards and stipends for the families they leave behind. In this way is the first problem for Islam created by suicide bombing. (153) These terrorist groups disgustingly warp the warning words of the Prophet and, if His words are to be believed, are condemning countless young men and women to a Hell completely unlike the afterlife they were promised. Secondly, to the majority of devout Muslims, these suicide bombings are nothing less than an act of blasphemy.  The mass murders we see today, such as September 11th, are not justified in any Islamic law or doctrine and are without precedence. They are grossly and incorrectly done in the name of God, His Prophet, and His Scriptures, creating for many non-Muslims the belief that these kinds of acts are supported and appreciated by Islam and its followers.
	The problems created by violent terrorist acts, particularly suicide bombings, do not end here. As noted above, and is known by most any conscious person today, the death toll does not stop with the bomber. Countless people, most of them complete innocents, die in these violent attempts to ward off Westernization. The cost this creates for the rest of the world is both obvious and unimaginably painful. Unlike the suicide minded bomber that forcefully took their life, these victims did not want to die. The devastated families they leave behind receive no compensation for the loss of their loved one.
Many people, including myself before the writing of this paper, believed the victims were always non-Muslim Westerners. This could not be farther from the truth. Take for example a bombing on two American embassies in 1998 organized by none other than Osama bin Laden. The embassasies were located in Africa. The bombings took the lives of over 200 people, many of them being Africans, who are not even targeted as enemies of Islam. What is more surprising is that many of these Africans were actually Muslim. Instead of what I expected would be overwhelming shock and outrage among the Muslim community, they were proudly touted as martyrs of the Islamic faith. 
