An Arabic language fundamentalist paper actually based in our own country’s Pittsburg, Pennsylvania went so far as to publish a complete list of names of all the Muslims that had lost their lives in the attack. Again, instead of mourning the tragic loss of these unintended victims and demanding a stop to these kinds of activities, the author of the subsequent article wrote, with an aura of pride and hope that “God would…reunite us with them in Paradise.”  (151, Crisis of Islam)
	This, to me, is one of the more surprising problems caused by extremism facing the Islamic religion today. Clearly, it is not just the non-Muslim Western world that need fear the violent effects of terrorism, but good, peaceful Muslims must deal with this as well. Although Osama bin Laden is well aware of his intended targets, bombs do not haven this discretion,  and instead kill anyone within their path, making acts like suicide bombings as much of a danger for Muslims as the “satanic” Western world.
	So Muslims must fear the life taking effects of extremism but they must also fear the freedom constricting consequences as well. This is painfully true for Muslim women who live in a hugely patriarchal society to begin with. Being a woman, and a particularly opinionated and open minded one at that, this is without question the hardest aspect of Islam for me to understand and accept. In my research I came across an essay by a woman named Ruqaiyyah Waris Mawsood. Clearly she is an author but she also spent time serving as the head of religious studies at a high school in England. My own Western views make it hard for me to understand how a woman could find happiness living in a society where even their choice of dress is restricted. The insightful words of an obviously educated and experienced Muslim female at least made it a little easier for me to accept. Mawsood made no attempts to deny that Islam creates a patriarchal society. In fact she openly admitted it, but she points out that matriarchy is also appreciated and even encouraged in the home. What’s more, she argues that where it really matters, in the Koran, women and men are seen as nothing less than total moral equals. As a result many of the transgressions against women I, and so many others, stand strongly against are not in line with the Islamic faith.
	The horrors women face that are often associated with Islam are in no way few or far between. Genital mutations, polygamous relationships, and the inability to drive cars, all of which are forced upon women with no concern given to their wants or needs, are not contained anywhere within the Qur’an., In fact, these are actions that do not take place in most Muslim countries, but instead are seen only in extremist societies and government. (117, OP) The same is true for the phenomena known as :”the instant divorce”. Under such extremist governments, a husband divorces his wife as easily as pointing to her and saying “You are divorced” or “I divorce you”.  
