Such instant divorces, in actuality, go directly against Islamic teachings. According to the words of the Prophet “Of all the things God has allowed, divorce is the most disliked.” For this reason, all options, such as counseling, must be exhausted by a good Muslim before the process of a divorce is to ever take place. Even when this is done and the divorce is announced, three months must go by, with at least one attempt at reconciliation being made during each.
These three months also serve as a safeguard for the woman. She must experience three menstrual cycles to ensure that she is not pregnant. If she is, this ensures that the baby and mother will be properly taken care of by the father. This precaution also works to eliminate any questions of paternity. As noted, this is a valuable form of protection for the women, something I would have never expected to see under my previous notions of Islam and its women.
	  As serious as the issue of these “instant divorces”, if not more so, is that of the beating of women. This does not stop at a man’s wife but can also translate into sister, cousin, and even mother beating. Unfortunately for women, the Koran does contain scripture allowing for husbands to physically punish their wives. However, this can not be done with the freedom that extremist societies tend to allow. According to Islamic scripture, the husband is required to first exhaust all attempts at communication with his wife. If these fail, he then takes the second step of sleeping in another bed in order to relieve tension and solve the problem at hand. Only after these are tried is a man allowed to take such drastic measures against his wife. Even then, religious belief would suggest that the better choice will still be to refrain from physicality. The Prophet himself is said to have never hit any elder, young child, or woman, including his own wives. He is noted as saying that those that do are not among the best of Muslims. (121, 0.P.)
	I wish that extreme and frequent physical beatings could be left as the worse crime against women among extremist societies. Sadly this is not the case. An act known as honor killing far exceeds any kind of abuse by actually taking the life of the woman. In Muslim societies honor in the community is extremely important to families. The purity of the women within the family makes up a central part of this respect. Sexual relations before marriage is considered a major sin and large a source of embarrassment for the family. While the majority of Muslim families will deal with such transgressions in a humane, non-violent way, the murdering of these girls and women are far too common. What is more, they do not die at the hands of strangers or some chosen community leaders, but at none other than the hands of their own families, who typically go unpunished for their crime. 
