[Untitled Paper: Arendt and Mencius on Freedom and Poverty]
The aim of this paper is to put Mencius and Arendt in dialogue with one another, and use Mencius to help tease out some of the more nebulously defined concepts in Arendtian thought.  The main question is: how do we understand poverty in Arendt's account; what is the relationship of poverty to necessity; and how does poverty interact – or interfere – with freedom for Arendt?  To answer these questions, I'll work through what these ideas mean to Mencius and how might the conclusions made in the second and third centuries before the common era apply to theoretical problems of the modern day.
	These questions proceed out of what seems to be contradiction between Arendt's accounts of poverty in On Revolution and her account in The Human Condition.  In On Revolution, Hannah Arendt postulates that there was point during the French Revolution, once the revolution succeeded in liberating themselves from the tyrant, that the revolutionaries realized the tyrant is not the only form of oppression that exists; a significant group of people continue to be oppressed by an even more pervasive type of oppression, which was poverty.  It was at this moment that the revolutionaries made a critical decision: should the revolution also attempt to liberate the poor from their poverty?  According to Arendt, the reason why the French Revolution failed was that they attempted to liberate the poor from poverty, and once they did that, the French Revolution could never attain freedom.
	In The Human Condition, Arendt wrote that the definition of poverty was the free man being forced to act like a slave.  By that, she meant that the life free man would become subject to the life of necessity.  But in her account of freedom, Arendt posits that necessity is the thing that must be overcome in order for men to access the public (political) realm.  This access to the public realm was, for Arendt, the substance of freedom.  So we have the following contradiction: in On Revolution, the problem of necessity is one that must be avoided in order to gain freedom, yet necessity is the precondition that must be solved in order to gain access to freedom in The Human Condition.
	I believe that the strangeness in Arendt's account can be worked out when it is juxtaposed next to Mencius.  Mencius not only asks surprisingly similar questions, but frames them in a similar way, and we can use this convergence to do a structural analysis of Mencius against Arendt to illuminate some of the more problematic elements of the latter.  Mencius wrote that a ruler cannot expect his people to practice Humanity if they do not have the leisure to do so.  Through the expansion of this line of thought in other passages, we see that what Mencius means by “leisure” is the absence of necessity.  I argue then that in the Mencius, it is the ruler's responsibility to create an existence where this can happen, and the failure of the ruler to do so is poverty.  
