As freedom is the end-goal for Arendt, and Humanity is the end-goal for Mencius—although Taoists might question the use of the term, “end-goal,” to describe living in the Way—then both accounts say this: man must be liberated from necessity to access their end-goal.
	For Arendt, the political realm is located in the public realm which is constituted by all the people that inhabit it.  In Arendt's account, the public realm is fluid, growing and shrinking in size and shape depending on who enters and exits the public realm.  Access to this realm, for Arendt, is only determined by whether or not somebody meets the preconditions of the public realm, that is liberation from necessity.  There are several differences in the Mencian story from the Arendtian story that I will have to account for.  The first difference is where the political realm is constituted.  I contend that for Mencius, the entirety of the political realm is constituted in the single figure of the sovereign.  Although ministers enter and exit out of the political realm to give advice to the sovereign, their activities in the political realm are entirely contingent upon the existence of the sovereign; the common man does not enter into the political realm at all.  The political realm, for Mencius, is a small one.  Furthermore in Mencius, we do not just deal with Humanity, which we could work in as “end-goal,” but also with Ritual and Duty.  The problem here is that Ritual and Duty figure into every aspect of Mencian thought, thus I will argue that the creation of the conditions where the people can have enough leisure to practice Humanity is the sovereign's Duty to his people, and the inability to do so is the sovereign's failure in his Duty.  This adds a layer of complexity to this narrative, bringing in components of obligation and reciprocity in, what I believe for Arendt, concepts that are not as loaded.
1. Arendt: Poverty and Freedom
Hannah Arendt writes in On Revolution that although the French Revolution began with the attempt to liberate themselves from their king, it was derailed by their attempt to liberate themselves from poverty.  Arendt believes this crucial misstep caused them to miss the opportunity to achieve a lasting political freedom.  She says that is because poverty is not a question of the public realm, which is the domain of the political, but is a question of the social realm.  Arendt believes that social questions are a political, i.e. the intrusion of social questions in the political realm results in the destruction of the political.
	But the question isn't one that can be easily ignored; in The Human Condition, Arendt writes that poverty forces the “free man to be a slave.”  Poverty reintroduces man to the necessities of life and subjugates him to its demand; this forces him to live a life that is decidedly not free.  Arendt elaborates just how the impoverished are subjugated in On Revolution, writing:
Poverty is more than deprivation, it is a state of constant want and acute misery whose ignominy consists in its dehumanizing force; poverty is abject because it puts men under the absolute dictate of their bodies, that is, under the absolute dictate of necessity as all men know it from their most intimate experience and outside all speculations.
