	The first use of the word to describe historical events was ironically not in reference to the creation of a new order, but in reference to the restoration of a preceding order.  Revolution was used to describe the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 after Rump Parliament and the “glorious Revolution” of 1668 when power was transferred from the Stuarts to William and Mary.  It would take both the American Revolution and the French Revolution to change the meaning of revolution to what we recognize today.
	The change in meaning of revolution was as much a matter accident as it was a purposeful change.  The fathers of the American Revlution actually set out not to overturn the existing order to create something new, but to overthrow the monarchy so that they may return to a time in their history, a time that was both undefined and ambiguous yet definite, where they believed their liberties were still intact.  In this respect, the purpose of the American Revolution fit the existing definition of revolution, as the purpose of the American Revolution was at first an attempt to restore the righteous order, and from the American perspective probably not unlike the expectations of the restorations in 1660 and 1668.  It was at the point when the revolutionaries of the American Revolution discovered that a restorative project was impossible and realized the need to pursue entirely new ends.  This experience, Arendt suggests, might have been true for the French Revolution as well – though perhaps less unequivocally so – that the meanings of revolution took on its new meaning.  Although the statesmen of the 18th century exhibited a strange aversion to novelty, revolution and new beginnings would forevermore be associated with freedom.
	As much as the term freedom became associated with revolution and new beginnings, the story of freedom begins with the act of liberation.  For Arendt, even though liberation may be a condition of freedom, liberation is not freedom itself.  A successful act of of liberation does not guarantee the attainment of freedom; liberation is not freedom itself, but merely the potential for it by creating a vacuum where the new can be possible.  The type of liberty that is found at the heart of liberation is essentially negative in nature.  Liberation is a negative liberty in the sense that it is “liberation from-”; the act of liberation liberates us from the tyrant, from our bourgeois oppressors, from outside coercion.  It creates an empty space of possibilities without ensuring the success, or even the shape, of what may come to fill that space.  Because the only thing this negative liberty is concerned about is the object – tyrant, bourgeois, oppressor, or outside coercion – that it is being liberated from, even its intent, according to Arendt, is not identical to the intention of freedom.
Action, Public and Private Realms
Action,  along with Labor and Work, is one of the three components of the human condition.  Arendt believes that action is distinct from labor and work in that the quality of action is freedom.  
