When he gets hungry, he will need to toil again, and so the cycle goes on.  The ancients believed that man was only human in the ways in the ways in the ways that he was different from animals.  Many animals hunt.  Gathering is not anything special either; we are reminded of this every autumn by the squirrels and chipmunks.  Even farming is not an activity exclusive to humans; the practice of active cultivation is even observed in the lowliest of animals: the ant.  In this state of necessity, nothing distinguishes man from the other animals of the earth.  In this state, man no longer has the capacity to act – he only has the capacity to behave and react.
	For Arendt, action is something to be treasured, whereas behavior is something to be disdained.  It is only the due to the modern phenomenon of mass conformity, a product of the social realm realm, that it is plausible to imagine whole groups of men who are solely acting out of behavior.  Behavior, in which we could include labor, is a type of human response to stimuli that requires no thought.  It is what reactions look like in the realm of necessity; behaviors are conditioned and, as such, predictable.  Conversely, action allows man to create the new.  Action relies on the ability of man to transcend motives, creating something that cannot even have been imagined before.  Action is the element at the heart of Arendtian freedom, and it is necessity's ability to destroy man's access to action that is what I believe makes the state of poverty so unnerving to Arendt.  Poverty not only destroys man's capacity for action directly, by forcing him to live under necessity.  Necessity also prevents and precludes any response rooted in the political, and therefore any action, because the response to necessity must always be the same.  If this interpretation is correct, I believe this will play a factor in helping to define any supposed differences and discrepancies between necessity and poverty.
	If we moved man from the jungle wilderness and placed him in jungle of urbanity, he would remain an animal so long as he was subject to necessity.  Although the form of his activities might change, the content and substance of his activities are still defined by necessity.  Man may not hunt or gather or farm in the city, but if we replaced the labels “hunting” and “gathering” and “farming” with the more generic term “laboring,” the cycle remains the same.  Man labors so that he has enough consume until the cycle begins anew.  The content of labor, no matter what form it takes, is the production of consumables that are necessary for the basic processes of life.
	Leisure plays an important role in the political narrative of freedom.  But before we delve into the importance of leisure, it is important to distinguish the term leisure from the term rest, lest we confuse the two.  This is distinction is not one of semantics or terminologies, but of the nature of leisure and rest itself.  
