Rest is a restorative act that is a part of the cycle of labor and consumption.  Rest renews the energies spent in labor such that the animal laborans can labor another day.  Leisure, as distinct from rest, is an interruption of the cycle of necessity.  The value of leisure is that it allows for men to be human, to participate in distinctively human activities.
	I believe the value of leisure and and its role in the formation of humanity appears to be lost on us today.  This is evident when we examine how leisure is viewed in other fields.  In microeconomics, leisure time is merely defined an alternative to labor time; the hours in the day consist of either labor or leisure, and leisure encompasses all those hours that are not devoted to labor.  Leisure is something that people want and enjoy, yet that want is determined as much by the wage price of labor as it is for leisure's own sake.  There is no content to leisure in economics.  Its significance lies solely in its potential as additional unites of time that could be devoted to labor.  This is a potential that is measured not anything substantive in leisure or even labor, but of the wage price of labor.  In economics, leisure is more of a synonym of rest and idleness than the precondition for humanity.
	The modern lack of appreciation for leisure is reinforced by popular culture.  In popular usage, leisure is often characterized as a waste of time.  It is something to be frowned upon and accompanied with admonitions of, “Don't you have anything better to do?”  We are wary of leisure.  Some of our unease may be attributed to the protestant work ethic that we inherited from the early American colonists.  Religion certainly has some role in this, if the phrase, “Idle hands are the devil's playthings,” is any indication.  One might suspect that Christians do not require leisure as a precondition to humanity as their humanity comes from being made in their Creator's image, or from the innate free will that was granted to them by their creator, or from anything else of divine origin.  Yet the potential for irony in the theological (mis)understanding of leisure cannot be ignored.  If what Arendt says is true, it was leisure that allowed men to form organized religions in the first place, and it is leisure that allows men to continue to worship their gods even today.
	For Arendt, who shares the sentiments of the ancients, leisure time is important to the formation of what makes men human.  Leisure is an interruption in the cycle of necessity that allows men to become human.  Leisure punctuates a life of necessity with the potential for humanity.  It is precisely that potential energy that makes leisure the precondition for distinctly human behavior.  This potentiality can, of course, be left unfulfilled.  Leisure, the temporary liberation of man from the processes of biological necessity, does not guarantee the freedoms of a human existence.  
