Uncomfortable as we may be by the lack of any sort of guarantee, it is only leisure that men can access humanity.  And it is only leisure that can allow men to come together and form and participate in a public realm.
Slavery and Poverty
In ancient times, leisure was a premium commodity.  Before technology dramatically increased the labor productivity of a single worker, any individual laborer was only able to produce so much surplus for the purpose of leisure, that is, not very much.  One man alone, unless he was truly exceptional, could never produce enough surplus that allowed for any sustained participation in public life.  Although community living allowed early societies to pool their collective labor surpluses together, one could see how this is not a very efficient way of going about it.  This kind of arrangement would seem to require a way of deciding who would be the one to consume the surplus, and it is not hard to see how this would lead to inter-societal conflict and violence.
	According to the ancient Greeks, Arendt argues, violence is a barbaric trait when used in place of speech and persuasion.  This understanding of violence is as much concerned with self-reflection as it is with the impulse towards disassociating with barbarism.  It was linked to the traditions of pre-polis life where the two fundamentally human capacities of action and speech were seen as coequal; these pre-polis Greeks believed that finding the right words at the right time was action.  The cultivation of this belief transformed it into what we recognize today as the art of rhetoric which, in the polis, transformed speech into the art of persuasion.  Thus speech, and only speech, became the mode of public discourse.  The Ancient Greeks believed that sheer violence is mute because it does not require speech to be effective.  It is for this reason that that violence, Arendt wrote, was classified as a pre-political tool.
	The solution for the Greeks was to appropriate labor surplus that lies outside of society.  That labor surplus came to be found in slaves.  For the ancients, slavery was the avenue by which a small, privileged minority was able to have the leisure time to engage in distinctively human activities by pushing their own burden of production onto their slaves.  What slavery did was to allow a wealthy minority to, in effect, purchase their leisure at the expense of others' humanity.  But how is it that Arendt identifies poverty with slavery?  What is it about the condition of being in poverty that resembles the condition of being a slave?  From the perspective of the impoverished, both he and the slave share a common identity of necessity having conditioned their behavior such that action is impossible.  And while there are obvious parallels there, it becomes less obvious from other perspectives.  The slave is a slave in service of something else.  For the Ancient Greeks, that something else was another man's potentiality to participate in the public realm.  
