Thus the slave's subjugation, while reprehensible, served a purpose.  Who is the beneficiary of poverty?  What purpose do the impoverished serve?  To where is their labor appropriated?  I do not think I could answer any of those, because Arendt certainly does not give any answers to that.
	This asks the question, why did Arendt use this analogy anyways, and what does slavery tell us about the relationship between freedom and poverty?  Although pursuing the questions of who benefits from the impoverished led us to a dead end, I believe there is something there.  Otherwise, all that we are left with is, poverty is the necessity that is found in the social realm.  But that is uninteresting, insofar as it does not  even attempt to answer the inconsistency between On Revolution and The Human Condition.  There is something there to the relationship between poverty and slavery.  After all, why else establish some relationship between poverty and slavery in the first place?  Perhaps the answer is not located in the concept itself, but is found in the similarity in function between the two concepts.  That is to say, asking what is it about how poverty functions that mirrors how slavery functions, instead of directly asking how slavery is similar to poverty.
	I think the answer to that would have to do with the element of violence inherent in both poverty and slavery.  We see that element of violence even in the phrasing of, “poverty is when the free man is forced to act like a slave.”  There is an element of coercion to poverty that is reminiscent of the coercion involved in enslaving the slave.  Violence is the key component that separates the life of the slave from the prepolitical life of necessity.  When Arendt writes that, “Poverty is more than deprivation, it is a state of constant want and acute misery whose ignominy consists in its dehumanizing force,” she is mistaken in thinking that the dehumanizing force is the “absolute dictate of their bodies, … the absolute dictate of necessity.”  If we were to continue to think in the Aristotelian way of thinking what defines a concept is what is distinct about it in relation to everything else, the poverty is not “more than deprivation.”  It is only deprivation, because the “absolute dictate of necessity” is already the “state of constant want and acute misery.”  Maybe that is a little dramatic, but that is how the prepolitical life of necessity is already defined; that is the life of the animal laborans.  What separates slavery from necessity, and so by extension poverty from necessity, is the element of coercion and violence.
	Violence is what differentiates poverty from necessity, such that poverty is not just defined as necessity located in the social realm, which it is, but more completely the violent necessity of the social realm.  I believe that when Arendt is describing the “dehumanizing force” of poverty, she mistakes the apoliticism of violence for the prepoliticism of necessity, confusing the two to disastrous results.  
