This is the source of inconsistency.  The failure of the French Revolution does not have to do with necessity itself; although the political sphere is ill-equipped to deal with questions of necessity, this was not the immediate source of failure.  The immediate reason why the French Revolution failed has to do the violence found in poverty.  During the French Revolution, the public realm – which shunned the barbarian's violence and took speech and reason as its language – found itself incapable of understanding the language of poverty.  Because the public realm did not speak the language of poverty, it could not even begin to understand the question of poverty, and it was this failure of comprehension – as the political could not even begin to understand the social question for it to be the cause of failure – is what doomed the French Revolution.
2. Poverty and Humanity in the Mencius
As a whole, Confucian thought is a blend of moral, political, social, and quasi-religious philosophies.  Although the Mencius is looked to as the foremost interpretation of the whole of Confucian thought, I argue that the Mencius is a pointedly political text.  Whereas a greater emphasis is placed upon the nonpolitical aspects of the Mencius in Confucian scholarship, the text shows that these “nonpolitical” aspects are almost always found in dialogue that concern the political.  The insights of Mencian thought originate from within the political realm; the Mencius is composed of advice and admonishments for and dialogue with those in power.  Even in the most famous passages that comment on Confucian social philosophy or moral philosophy originate out of political questions; e.g. the famous passage that shows humanity's innate goodness in the concern felt for a baby that is about to fall down a well is a response to a political question.
	The example that I am referring to is the following:	
“Suddenly seeing a baby about to fall into a well, anyone would be heart-stricken with pity: heart-stricken not because they wanted to curry favor with the baby's parents, not because they wanted the praise of neighbors and friends, and not because they hated the baby's cries.  This is why I say everyone has a heart that can't bear to see others suffer.
	“And from this we can see that without a heart of compassion we aren't human, without a heart of conscience we aren't human, without a heart of courtesy we aren't human, and without a heart of right and wrong we aren't human. A heart of compassion is the seed of Humanity.  A heart of conscience is the seed of Duty.  A heart of courtesy is the seed of Ritual.  And a heart of right and wrong is the seed of wisdom.
	“These four seeds are as much a part of us as our four limbs.  To possess them and yet deny their potential – that is to wound yourself.”
This example forms the cornerstone for the Mencian moral argument that all men possess an innate goodness.  However, it is important to recognize that this passage is preceded by:
“The ancient emperors had hearts that couldn't bear to see others suffer, and so had governments that couldn't bear to see others suffer.  
