If you lead a government that can't bear to see others suffer, ruling all beneath Heaven is like turning it in the palm of your hand.”
And the passage is immediately followed by,“And to deny the sovereign's potential – that is to wound the sovereign …”  Adding a political reading of the text does not diminish the moral argument contained within the passage.  However, when the passage is placed in a political context, the argument for innate goodness also serves as a prescription for a particular form of governance.  This passage demonstrates that a component of the text is always concerned with the political, even while it philosophizes about the moral.  If the Mencius is a political text, the questions that follow this claim are: 1) what – or who – constitutes the political realm in Mencian thought; 2) what is the political concern of the Mencius?  The questions are asked in this order because the scope of the former, the political realm, determines the latter, the political concern.
What – or who – constitutes the political realm in Mencian thought?
Confucius' Analects is largely composed of short aphorisms, and its form of argument largely relies on appealing to a reader's outside knowledge of Ancient Chinese analogies and proverbs that give the aphorisms context.  the Mencius is largely composed of longer passages, dialogues and anecdotes, which allows for sustained arguments that contain an internal logic within.  But the external benefit to this form of writing, apart from making the Mencius a “fuller exposition of Confucian thought,” is that it discloses who the text is meant to be read by.  Although Mencius does not specifically dedicate the Mencius to any one person – unlike Machiavelli's fawning dedication to the “Magnificent Lorenzo Di Piero De' Medici” in The Prince – it is evident from the content of the book, from both in the characters that participate in dialogue and the targets of advice or critique within the book, that the book was primarily meant to be read by those within the political realm itself.  Dialogues in the Mencius primarily feature Mencius imparting advice to emperors and ministers on governance, whereas anecdotes are used to illustrate particular situations to explain larger political questions.  General prescriptions of moral behavior, how to be a good person, arise out of political questions, how to be a good sovereign.
	The characters that receive advice in the Mencius include both emperors and ministers.  These are the only characters that ask the political questions, and these are the only characters who participate in enacting the advice that Mencius gives, thus it is fairly certain that the political realm is comprised at least of emperors and ministers.  It would seem that Mencius does not believe the people to be active participants in the political; this does not diminish the importance of the people, as apolitical objects objects outside the political realm can have significant political importance within it.  However, we should also take care in noting the difference between what is political and what is bureaucratic.  Bureaucracy is not politics.  
