The purpose of the bureaucracy is to manage the workings government and state.  The bureaucracy is dictated by procedure and protocol, sets of regulations put in place to manage activity, and these are the responsibilities of the ministers.  Politics behave differently than the bureaucracy.  Politics is the site of decision-making; politics generates the new; politics is able to respond to the particularity of specific situations, whereas bureaucracy cannot.  If this is true, then ministers only participate in the political realm some of the time.  The only figure that is always located in the political realm is the emperor, the figure of the sovereign.  Because the sovereign is the only figure who continually participates in the political realm, he is not just a participant of the political realm, he constitutes the political realm.
	The figure of the sovereign is unique in the Mencius.  I will contend that in the hierarchy of Confucian filial relationships, the sovereign is the the figure with the most political agency, even as he receives his legitimacy from – and so is bound by his obligations to – all those below him.  Although ministers participate in the political realm through their role as advisers, the existence of that position is contingent upon the sovereign.  The minister's dependency on the sovereign for access to the political realm is crystallized in the passage where Mencius is criticized for the way he left Ch'i following his failure as an adviser to the Ch'i emperor.  In this passage, Yin Shih suspects that Mencius' visit to Ch'i was for personal gain – wanting to see the Ch'i emperor even though Mencius knew he was going to fail as an adviser– and basing this suspicion on the three days that Mencius lingered in the neighboring state of Chou after leaving.  In Mencius' response to this criticism, Mencius notes that the reason for both his failure and for lingering in Chou was because the Ch'i emperor was “on the verge of transformation," so Mencius traveled to see him.  However, the emperor was not yet ready to hear Mencius' advice as the emperor had not yet transformed, so Mencius left.  Mencius lingered in Chou, because there Mencius was in a position where he could return to Ch'i to advise the emperor if the emperor had transformed.  After three days, the emperor still had not transformed, and so Mencius left.  This passage shows how a minister's access to the political realm is conditional upon the emperor.  It is for this reason that I believe it the sovereign that singularly constitutes the political realm in Mencian thought.
	Placing the Mencius in its historical context supports the claim.  Mencius lived during the Warring States Period (403 – 221 B.C.E.), a period characterized by relentless infighting between the component states of the crumbling Chou Dynasty.  Hinton argues that the roots of the Chou Dynasty's downfall were set into place by the Chou re-imagining of the origins of political power with the Mandate of Heaven.  The Mandate of Heaven was the belief that the legitimacy of the ruler was predicated by the conduct of those in power, thus, political legitimacy can be transferred and so was not dependent upon bloodline.  
