The Mandate supposes that Heaven would look favorably upon just rulers, and unfavorably on unjust rulers, creating conditions so that the despots are overthrown.  The Mandate would then be conferred to those who would be able to rule justly, who were inevitably those who engineered the overthrow of the previous dynasty.  With the Mandate of Heaven, the emperor could be disposed and his usurper could gain legitimacy from the victory.  What the state of perpetual infighting between factions highlighted the effects of a world without a sovereign.  The instability of the Warring States Period is a result of the disappearance of a political realm without the sovereign.
What is the political concern of the Mencius?
The devastation wrought by the Warring States Period would go on to influence the “Hundred Schools of Thought,” an outgrowth of schools who tried not only to envision a new social order, but whose members sought to attain ministerial positions under the many warring lords and kings.  Theorists such as Han Fei Tzu saw the power vacuum and found the solution in the power of an absolutely powerful sovereign.  Taoist philosophers responded to this by seeking to diminish the power of the sovereign to varying degrees, teachings ranging from the prescription to minimize government to the belief that the entire government should be abolished.  The Confucian response – which Mencius would adopt and expand upon in the course of his own aspirations for a ministerial position – took a slightly different approach.  The poverty caused by the social unrest during the Warring States Period figure heavily in Confucian social philosophy.  Confucius felt the solution to this was to construct a society where the bonds and obligations of neighborly and filial relationships determined the basis of political authority.  It is only with a society constructed in this way, Confucius argued, that states can rule in such a way so that the people can practice Humanity:
Duke Ching asked Confucius about governing, and Confucius said: “Ruler a ruler, minister a minister, father a father, son a son.”
“How splendid!” exclaimed the Duke.  “Truly, if the ruler isn’t a ruler, the minister a minister, the father a father, and the son a son – then even if we had grain, how could we survive to eat it?”
Confucius' response, “Ruler a ruler, minister a minister, father a father, son a son,” is taken to mean that political stability would emerge when each figure fulfills the duties demanded of him by his social obligations, i.e. a son must fulfill his filial obligation to his father, a minister must fulfill his Duty to his ruler, etc.  Confucians locate the source of political order in the complex web of social relationships, and the sovereign must lead by example.  The sovereign must fulfill the social obligations of his own immediate relationships.  These obligations include fulfilling the sovereign's filial obligations to his parents, his obligations to his wife(wives) and children, his obligations to his siblings, and so on in ever-growing circles of social connections.  
