This is a cornerstone of Confucian social philosophy.  Confucians believe that political stability can be achieved if everyone tended to their social obligations.  The sovereign has the responsibility to lead by example, which is the source of the Mencian aphorism, “When the sovereign is Humane, everyone is Humane.”  We know that this social alignment has a direct effect on governance because Mencius continues this line of thought in another passage and notes, “When the sovereign is Dutiful, everyone is Dutiful.  And when the sovereign is principled, everyone is principled.  Give it a principled sovereign and the nation is secure.”
	However, I believe that Mencius takes it one step further, arguing that the sovereign must create a physical existence where people can come to realize Humanity.  This changes the sovereign's involvement from that of a purely social and moral figurehead to one of political action.  This reading of Mencius would argue that Humanity cannot be realized without some measure of liberation from the necessities of physical existence.  Support for this argument can be found in the Mencius:
But now, with you securing their livelihood, the people never have enough to serve their parents or nurture their wives and children.  In good years they live miserable lives, and in bad years they starve to death.  All they can do is struggle to stay free of death and worry about failing.  Where could they ever find the leisure for Ritual and Duty?
It's pointless to compare food and Ritual at a moment when food is vital and Ritual isn't: you can make lots of things seem more important that way, not just food.
Passage 1.7, in conjunction with passage 12.1, argues that Humanity is contingent upon relief from necessity.  The two passages show that men are not capable of thinking about anything else when they are pressed for survival.  If the liberation from necessity is required to achieve Humanity, then it becomes the sovereign's responsibility, as the 
	I believe this is the Mencian interpretation of what Confucian meant when he said, “Ruler a ruler.”  This task of creating conditions where humanity is possible is the obligation of a ruler to his people, and is an obligation that is only undertaken by the sovereign.  This obligation to create proper conditions such that the people can practice Humanity – “sharing pleasure with the people” – is what differentiates the emperor from all others.  It may be more accurate to say this in the negative, that if the sovereign does not create the proper the environment, the people cannot achieve humanity.  This may be more accurate as Mencius frequently forms his critique in the negative.  This is true of I.7 and, in the Hinton translation, its almost-verbatim reiteration in V.3: 
Unless they have a constant livelihood, the common people will never have constant minds.  And without constant minds, they'll wander loose and wild.  They'll stop at nothing, and soon cross the law.  Then, if you punish them accordingly, you've done nothing but snare the people in your own trap.  
