When Po Kuei told Mencius, “I'd like to see people taxed one part in twenty,” Mencius replied that that was the Way of northern barbarians.  A tax of one in twenty was not enough to maintain civilized government and society.  Barbarians were fine with a one in twenty tax, because they “have no city walls or buildings, no ancestral temples, no sacrificial rituals.  They have no august lords, no temples, no sacrificial rituals.  They have no august lords, no diplomatic hospitality or gifts.  And they don't have the hundred government offices and officials.”  But for a civilized nation, a tax of one in twenty would be like having a single potter for a nation of ten thousand families – there would not be enough pottery.  A tax of one and twenty would not be enough revenue to pay for the things necessary for civilization.
	This reason for taxation is both bureaucratic and political in nature.  Taxes are necessary to maintain government offices and officials, bureaucracy itself.  This practical reason for taxes is reflected in Mencius' “origin story” for taxes.  Taxes came into being because men cannot do everything; they must trade for what they need.  In some ways this is a story about specialization – when people multiply and discover how to do new things, it gets increasingly harder for one man to do everything he needs to do, e.g. the potter cannot be a farmer.  A potter produces fine clay pots and porcelain vases, but as fine as they are, the potter cannot eat them.  And the same is true for the farmer; the farmer may plant the finest grains in the land and be so good at farmer that he has a huge yield, and then he would  have all the grain in the world.  But the farmer has nothing to store the grain in.  Except the farmer does not know how to make pots from clay.  It would be silly, Mencius says, for the farmer to learn how to make pots, because that would mean the farmer gets up in the morning to farm, runs down to the river to get clay for pots, goes back to the workshop to make pots, then back in the fields to farm some more.  All people would be doing, Mencius says, is spend their time running up and down the street:
“Then how could someone govern all beneath Heaven and also be a farmer?  There are the endeavors of great men, and the endeavors of small men. And whatever they need, the hundred crafts provide.  If we all had to make things before we could use them, we'd all spend our lives running back and forth on the roads.”
The thing to do is to exchange what you have for what you do not.  So the potter and has to trade for his grain from the farmer, who in return gets some pots from the potter, and everyone is left happy with pots and grain.  The same is true for other occupations, but especially for those who govern.  
