Taxes are the way that the sovereign fulfills his obligation to the people of creating a physical existence where they can practice Humanity.  But taxes are the people's obligation to the sovereign.  Taxes reflect the relationship of father to son.  The correct tax rate does not just reflect how many resources the state can extract from the people without plunging them into poverty.  The act of taxing and being taxed is the form that Ritual takes between sovereign and subject; taxing the people the correct tax rate, and paying the correct amount of taxes, is how Duty manifests itself between sovereign and subjects.  Taxes and tax rates are not just about revenue or bureaucracy – they are about the expression of Humanity itself.
Asceticism and Poverty
I contend that in the Mencius, the state of poverty does not equal the state of necessity.  I believe the explication of this idea will profoundly change how we understand the relationship of necessity and poverty to Humanity.  Poverty and necessity are two conditions of life; to fully understand the relationship between these two, we have to bring in a third condition: the ascetic life.  The ascetic life is in many ways the life style that we should all aspire to; Mencius says, “There is the praise of those who demand little, and derision of those who demand everything,” and what person demands less than the ascetic?  I argue that the impulse towards asceticism in Confucian ideology stems the belief that privation prevents men from having the leisure time necessary for thinking about Humanity; the life that rejects the objects of physical existence actually originates from the life that is denied those same objects.  But the Confucian and Mencian ascetic isn't just a complaint about sour grapes.
	The people can't achieve Humanity when they are burdened by the necessities of survival, we know this much.  The sovereign's obligation to the people is to create a physical existence that allows the people to practice Ritual and Duty.  We also know that the people must be taught about Humanity before they can practice the elements of Humanity.  Although this was glossed earlier, I believe this idea should be expanded upon now, as it is a key moment in understanding the relation of necessity and poverty to Humanity.  Humanity is not the natural condition – it must be taught.  Mencius says that “once people have plenty of food and warm clothes, they lead idle lives.  This is their Way.  Then, unless they're taught, they're hardly different from the birds and animals.”  If the very concept of Humanity must be taught to the people, then necessity is not the direct barrier to Humanity, i.e. although necessity prevents the people from having the leisure time to think about Ritual and Duty, overcoming the state of necessity does not guarantee that the people will achieve Humanity.  This creates the following set of correlating relationships: men are liberated from necessity, giving them leisure time; leisure time allows men to learn about the social obligations that make up Ritual; both this education and leisure help men navigate the requirements of Ritual and Duty to attain Humanity.
