Freedom from necessity ? leisure time ? learn about/implement Ritual and Duty ? Humanity
What this map does not show is a direct connection of (freedom from) necessity to Humanity.  This is because at no time are any of these relationships causal save for the first one – the removal of necessity gives us leisure time.  However, we cannot be so sure of any of the other relationship:  just because we have leisure time does not mean we will use it to learn about Ritual and Duty; just because we have learned about Ritual and Duty does not mean we are able to practice them correctly to achieve Humanity.  This fact helps to reconcile to ability to achieve Humanity by living as an ascetic, subject to the necessities of human existence, with the the inability to achieve Humanity when living under poverty, also subject to the necessities of human existence.
	Asceticism is the proof that the state of poverty is different from the state of necessity.  The ascetic chooses to live in a state of being where he is once again subject to necessity.  Because it is not necessity itself that determines whether a person can achieve Humanity or not, the ascetic can be Humane without all the infrastructure required of civilizations and governments.  The lack of direct causality between necessity and Humanity also explains how this can be the case without it a contradiction.  But it is equally important to understand the reasoning behind asceticism, as well as reconcile the apparent contradictions.  The ascetic renounces material goods because those goods actually become a trapping that prevents the people from enacting Humanity, as the “default” setting for a life without the immediate concerns of survival being one of idleness without humanity.  The ascetic also shows his choice to become an ascetic – because it is a choice, as no one can force you to be an ascetic – allowed him to choose the balance between necessity and leisure.  In many respects, the ascetic chooses how destitute his life will be, and is able to balance that amount so that he has access to enough leisure to practice Humanity.
	The same cannot be said for the impoverished.  I believe that poverty and asceticism are two very similar conditions.  In both, man is reintroduced to necessity.  I say reintroduced because Mencius usually blames the sovereign for plunging the people into poverty.  If it is the sovereign's fault, then the people have already left the prepolitical world – the state of necessity – were introduced to Humanity, then were forced into poverty by the action of the sovereign – now it would be “reintroduced.”  However, the crucial difference between the two has to do with choice.  For the ascetic, the choice to live in a state of necessity again was his own.  For the impoverished, the choice was not their own.  The ascetic  ultimately still retains control, because he is able to set aside and access enough leisure time to remain Humane.  The impoverished cannot do any of this, because the choice was not theirs to make.  
