Thus the impoverished are forced to live a life where they cannot know Humanity and they cannot practice Ritual and Duty.
	I contend that this crucial distinction between the impoverished and the ascetic is also what differentiates the state of poverty (and asceticism) from the state of necessity.  Poverty and asceticism involve choice, whereas necessity does not.  Necessity has always existed.  It is the undeniable condition of being physical creatures, and it existed before the state and will likely exist afterward.  The way choice works in poverty depends on which angle you look at it.  From the vantage point of the impoverished, there is no choice.  They did not choose poverty – why would they?  The the question becomes all about choice for the sovereign.  The sovereign had a choice either to rule his state with humanity or to rule it with depravity; he could either choose to make life easier for his people, or he could choose to use them for his own personal gain.  Poverty comes into existence when the sovereign abandons his Duty to the people chooses to be Inhumane.  Poverty then completely destroys leisure, closing the ability to participate in the Humane life from the people.
	In the Mencius, the practice of Ritual and Duty is dependent upon leisure time; leisure time to learn about Humanity, and leisure time to enact it.  Leisure is created through the sovereign's Duty to his people.  His Duty decreases the necessities of mere survival, creating a physical environment in which the people can practice Humanity.  Poverty comes about when the sovereign neglects or fails in his Duty, he shatters the physical environment necessary for Humanity.
3. Mencius and Arendt: Poverty and Humanity on Poverty and Freedom
I contended that Mencius can help us to understand some strange things that go on in Arendt.  How is that possible, since Mencius and Arendt largely use different vocabularies?  There are two ways of going about it.  The first is to force Mencius to act as a proxy for Arendtian thought.  By that I mean, align Mencius with Arendt where they do match up – namely in the concept of poverty – and then try to line up potential “synonyms” – “Humanity” in Mencius for “freedom” in Arendt, and so on and so forth.  This approach is theoretically possible if we can prove that these synonyms work – that, hey, Mencius actually could mean “freedom” when he says “Humanity” – but it would involve a lot of fuzzy arguments that at best would give us a nebulous understanding of how the two thinkers would have a conversation, and at worst haphazardly collapse them together into a blob of pseudo-philosophy.  The payoff from this method does not appear to outweigh its costs – perhaps it is best to think of another way to bring the two into conversation.
	I believe that the way to do so is to recognize where the Mencian account of poverty and Humanity and the Arendtian account of poverty and freedom are structurally similar.  I will contend that the two accounts are incredibly similar in structure, and this will allow us to trace the effects of similar input variables in a similar machine, then try to draw conclusions when we observe how the outputs differ.  
