This method requires some proof and argument as well.  However, comparing the parallels in the structures of Mencian and Arendtian thought, then drawing insight from where those parallels begin to diverge and converge maintains the integrity of each thinker.
How Mencius and Arendt's narratives are structured similarly.
I believe that Mencius and Arendt are incredibly similar when it came to how they structured their different accounts of Humanity and freedom.  The parallels in Mencian and Arendtian thought allow me to juxtapose one against the other without having to force one to be a proxy for the other.  What I mean by this, for example, is that we do not have to force the Western conception of freedom into Mencian thought to put Mencius in a conversation with Arendt.  Similarly, we do not have to locate some approximation of Humanity, Ritual, and Duty in Arendt so that we can make Mencius relevant.
	For Mencius, Humanity is discovered through the practice of Ritual, the general prescriptions of the social obligations of relationships.  Ritual, though, cannot be practiced when men do not have leisure time, leisure meaning some degree of emancipation from necessity.  The responsibility for creating the condition where the physical manifestation of leisure time can exist falls to the sovereign.  However, that leisure time, though necessary for men to learn about and practice Humanity, does not guarantee us that men will practice Humanity.  Leisure is also not the content or substance of Humanity.  The content of Humanity is Duty, the ability to apply Ritual to specific situations, and it is this that allows men to access Humanity.  What leisure does is allow us to access to Duty; it is the precondition for, but not the content of, Humanity.
	Arendt's account of freedom has a similar structure.  As physical creatures, men are subject to the necessities of physical existence.  At the most basic level these necessities include food, water, and shelter, but I believe Arendt also takes necessity to include those things are necessary to existence in the world you live in.  To attain freedom, men must liberate themselves from this state of necessity.  In ancient times, this might have meant slavery, but modern technology has extended our production power such that slavery is unnecessary anymore.  But in either case, liberation from necessity in and of itself does not guarantee freedom.  That is because for Arendt, the substance of freedom is the ability to participate in the public realm.  What liberation does is allow us the possibility to participate in the public realm, and so is the precondition for, but not the content of, freedom.
	I believe that the similarities between Mencius and Arendt might be more evident with a visual aid, which is why I created the following diagram.
Mencius
Men live in a state of necessity.
Men are liberated from necessity by the sovereign, giving them leisure.
Leisure time allows the sovereign educates men about Humanity, giving men the potential to attain Humanity.
The content of Humanity is Duty, the ability to apply Ritual in specific circumstances.
