Duty allows men to realize Humanity.
Arendt
Men live in a state of necessity.
Men liberate themselves from necessity.
Liberation from necessity grants men the potential to attain freedom.
The content of freedom is participation in the public realm, the place of Action.
Participation in the public realm allows men to realize freedom.
From the diagram, we can see just how closely some very important elements of Mencian and Arendtian though line up.  The initial conditions are the same; both accounts begin with the assumption that men are subject to physical necessities.  Both theorists see the liberation of man from necessity as an important precondition to ultimately their end-goal, be it Humanity or freedom.  Similarly, both accounts also state the effect of liberation is to enable the potentiality to attain their end-goal, but both accounts also state that potentiality is nothing more than that – it is not a guarantee.  In both accounts, the content of the end-goal is something else, Duty and participation in the public realm, that ultimately gives men Humanity and freedom.
	I do not believe these parallels are a coincidence.  The parallels in these two accounts came into being because both Mencius and Arendt constructed a conception of freedom around the political.  For Mencius, the political is the obligation of the sovereign to his people, and in Arendt, the political is participation.  As to why both theorists did that, I cannot say.  For Mencius, it could have simply been for practical reasons; Mencius was trying to land a ministerial job, after all.  Or, it might have been for more philosophical reasons; Mencuis might have thought the ordering of societal relationships – father and son, older sibling and younger sibling, etc. –  could have demanded that there be a relationship of ruler and subject (a reason I got from Mencius' critiques of the Moists).  I cannot say for sure.  The same might be said of Arendt – there might be something in her library at Bard that would reveal the answer to this, I do not know.  Whatever the case may be, both thinkers chose to ask their questions with the same expectation, that they would find their answer in the political.
	I believe that this is the crucial element.  I contend that it is because both thinkers located their answer to their end-goal in the political, that we can safely put Mencius and Arendt in a dialogue with one another without harming the integrity of their thought.  Doing this causes them to structure their arguments in a very specific way, one that makes it so that the function of each step is the same for both thinkers.  The existence of the political necessitates the delineation from the initial condition, the liberated condition, and the political condition, because the political requires the clumping of people into groups for it to exist.  When you recognize the most primordial state as one in which men are controlled by necessity, then utility creeps into the story regardless of whether or not the theorist is utilitarian or not (and neither of our theorists are), because that is the only way to understand the actions of necessity.  
