And so because of the political, which necessitates clumping, we arrive at a condition where people have clumped and this results in some net gain in productivity (based on the utility of clumping) where necessity becomes diminished.  Logic says that when you do not assume liberation causes freedom, then just because liberation happened does not mean that freedom will happen as well, explaining the mutual existence of the potentiality that does not guarantee attainment in both accounts.
	If we are in agreement up until this point, then you might have noticed a problem (although if I have been unconvincing and you have not been agreeing, you would have had problems much earlier).  The problem is that the political enters into each story at different times.  Both accounts began in the pre-political world of necessity.  But in the Mencius, it is the political element, the sovereign, that has a hand in liberation.  For Arendt, the political element comes in much later, at the point that establishes freedom.  This problem becomes obviously apparent when visualized:
Mencius
Men live in a state of necessity.
	? the political enters here 
Men are liberated from necessity by the sovereign, giving them leisure.
Leisure time allows the sovereign educates men about Humanity, giving men the potential to attain Humanity.
The content of Humanity is Duty, the ability to apply Ritual in specific circumstances.
Duty allows men to realize Humanity
Arendt
Men live in a state of necessity.
Men liberate themselves from necessity.
Liberation from necessity grants men the potential to attain freedom.
	? the political enters here 
The content of freedom is participation in the public realm, the place of Action.
Participation in the public realm allows men to realize freedom.
That would be a problem for Arendt.  In fact for her, that would be the problem, as she claims it was the attempt to answer economic problems through politics that led to the failure of the French Revolution in the first place.  But while this is an internal problem for Arendt, externally this is one for us as well.  Because if we cannot reconcile this inconsistency in the structure of Mencian and Arendtian thought, then we cannot use one to say anything about the other.
	I will argue that this problem can be successfully reconciled because the sovereign's Duty in the Menius has nothing to do with economics.  The sovereign's Duty solely consists of the political, and while this makes the structural similarities less clean, it allows us to continue our analysis.
Why the Duty of the sovereign is not economic
The sovereign's Duty to his people is not economic, it is purely political.  As such, liberation from necessity in Mencian thought is not a pre-political act, which I believe would satisfy the structural requirements of our analysis.  Although to be fair, I might have overstated how little the sovereign's Duty has to do with economics – after all, Mencius does talk about markets and earnings and taxes, which would certainly sound like economics to the average person.  
