But even so, I contend that this could be contested.  We must take intent into consideration here.  How do we consider intent?  I believe that we were able to show intent when it came to taxes in the Mencius chapter.  We discovered that taxes were not merely bureaucratic, but were political because the purpose of taxes in the Mencius are: 1) creating the physical conditions necessary for the practice of Duty and Ritual; and 2) the manifestation of the people's obligation to their ruler.  I propose that we do something similar here to show why the economic elements themselves in the Mencius are political in nature.
	The interesting thing is that there are several places in the Mencius that could read as a defense of several principles of economics.  Mencius defends the practice of government workers living off the productivity of farmers.  In many respects, it reads as a defense of specialization and trade.  He writes:
Then how could someone govern all beneath Heaven and also be a farmer?  There are the endeavors of great men, and the endeavors of small men. And whatever they need, the hundred crafts provide.  If we all had to make things before we could use them, we'd all spend our lives running back and forth on the roads.
The first section of the passage illustrates specialization, with the description of the “hundred crafts” as well as the rhetorical question, how could one govern and also be a farmer?  Other passages like this one exist, such as Mencius' description of inequality, which might actually complicate our account of the sovereign's Duty:
As for the earnings of farmers: Each man had a hundred acres of land, and with that land an outstanding farmer could feed nine people and a superior farmer could feed eight, an average farmer could feed seven people, a fair farmer could feed six, and a poor farmer could feed five.  In government service, the earnings of commoners was likewise calculated according to their different abilities.
Inequality not only exists – in that there are better and worse farmers – but the striation in earnings suggests that there is not only some minimal level to the sovereign's Duty, but that the sovereign should consider performance as well.  Although this is another layer of specificity that the sovereign must think about, i.e. it fits with the tradition of Duty being the ability to enact Ritual in response to different situations, it changes the nature of the sovereign's obligation somewhat.  If the sovereign has to consider performance, and if compensation was varied based upon performance, then the sovereign is responsible for inequality.  Which is not to say that Mencius had an obligation to equality in the first place, it does nuance our understanding of the sovereign's Duty.  It is not simply that the sovereign must create physical conditions where Humanity can be practiced, but the sovereign is also responsible for what could possibly be taken as a form of justice, each man earning according to his ability. 
