In either case, this is still not economic in nature, but political.
	My first contention is that while Mencius tells us, “Don't talk about profit.”  Mencius' condemnation of profit is the first indicator that Mencius does not care about the economics of alleviating necessity; i.e. the condemnation shows that the sovereign does not undertake his Duty for any other reason than the political one.  The sovereign does not rule to profit off of his subjects.  In fact, that is exactly the hallmark of what is wrong with depraved rulers.  Mencius writes, “There's plenty of juicy meat in your kitchen and plenty of well-fed horses in your stable – but the people here look hungry and in the countryside they're starving to death.  You're feeding people to animals.”  This passage reiterates that profiting off the people, which occurs only at the expense of the people's well-being, is Inhumane.  Without profit, a key motivation of economic action disappears.  An economist might argue that all a lack of profit means that Mencius aims to be so efficient that supply and demand, production and consumption, and marginal cost and marginal revenue all sum to zero.  However, I believe that would be a misreading of the text, because that would completely disregard the role of intent in Mencian “economics.”
	Intent also plays an important role in how Mencius thinks about the sovereign's Duty.  Some of that has to do with the fact that intent, and thinking about intent, is an intrinsic part of Duty in the first place.  Providing for the people without thinking about the intent behind it is as Inhumane.  Mencius writes, “To feed people without showing them love – that is to treat them like pigs.”  Contemplation like this does not exist in the realm of necessity – it solely exists in the political realm.
	How does this reconcile this inconsistency?  What this exercise does is shift action from the political to the social realm in the Mencius.  Although all sort of red lights should be going off now, allow me to explain.  If we agree with the arguments made in Chapter 2, the sovereign is the sole political figure in the Mencius.  While that is really useful in establishing the Mencius as a political text, it becomes much less useful when you realize that the political realm is usually constituted by more than just one person (though he may be the sovereign and “Son of Heaven”) in all other schools of thought.  So then we look at the end-goals, and see that the constitution of the political realm is actually a means to reach the end-goal for both Mencius and Arendt, which is Humanity for Mencius and freedom for Arendt.  Furthermore, if we look at the actual substance of the end-goal, we see that what determines the success in attaining the end-goals are similar as well, Duty for Mencius and freedom for Arendt.  Both of those concepts are just different incarnations of the same thing: action.  When it comes to Humanity, it is realized through acts of Duty, specific enactments of Ritual, thus the locus of Humanity is actually found in Duty.  
