Similarly, when it comes to freedom, even though Arendt says the substance of freedom is participation in the political/public realm, the locus of freedom itself is found in action.  This does not make the public realm any less important – for Arendt, the public realm is still the only place where men can experience action, but we should realize that what we really care about, the substance that realizes the ends, is action.
	The parallel to action in the Mencius is Duty.  Duty consists solely of action; Duty is the realization of Ritual through action.  Without action, without Duty, Ritual would be meaningless; Ritual only finds meaning when it is adjusted for particular circumstances.  Otherwise, Ritual is just a set of general prescriptions of behavior.  Without the specificity and particularity involved in Duty, social relationships would be meaningless, as any one person could be swapped out for another, and it would not make a difference.  In some ways, this is as close as Mencius is going to get to individuality.  The particularities that are the substantive problem of Duty are based upon individual situations.  The particularity of each situation is based on the individuals that inhabit it, e.g. my relationship with my mother is different from your relationship with yours; the particular way in which I carry out my Duty to my mother will be different from you, because we are different people with different mothers, such that the way Ritual manifests for my mother might be inappropriate if it were enacted towards your mother, and etc.
	If Duty is how action shows itself in the Mencius, then the structures of the Mencian and Arendtian accounts would realign if we looked not at where the political enters into the narrative, but where action enters.  For Mencius, action as Duty inserts itself in two places.  The first is in the initial act of liberation by the sovereign, because that is his Duty to the people.  The second is after men learn about Humanity and are able to practice, thus making action possible for Mencius in the same place as it is for Arendt.
 Mencius
Men live in a state of necessity.
Men are liberated from necessity by the sovereign, giving them leisure.
	? Action is taken here by the sovereign
Leisure time allows the sovereign educates men about Humanity, giving men the potential to attain Humanity.
The content of Humanity is Duty, the ability to apply Ritual in specific circumstances.
	? Action is possible here.
Duty allows men to realize Humanity.
Arendt
Men live in a state of necessity.
Men liberate themselves from necessity.
Liberation from necessity grants men the potential to attain freedom.
The content of freedom is participation in the public realm, the place of Action.
	? Action is possible here.
Participation in the public realm allows men to realize freedom.
If we disregard the first instance of action in Mencius' account for a moment, which I believe we can at least for the moment because the sovereign is a singular figure that necessitated our switch to looking at action in the first place, then we see that the accounts are structurally similar again when it becomes an account of necessity and action.
