Mencius and Arendt on Action
This is where is all pays off, when we ask, how does poverty interfere with all this?  But first, we must note that poverty for Mencius is slightly different than poverty is for Arendt.  If we recall from Chapter 2, for Mencius, poverty comes about when the sovereign fails in his Duty to the people.  When the sovereign is Inhumane and his rule is unjust, then the people have to suffer through poverty.  For Arendt, if we recall from Chapter 1, that poverty is the mix of violence and necessity in the realm of the social.  There are some obvious points of similarity.  Both thinkers view poverty as the reintroduction of necessity, and that would not be a bad place to start.  However, I do not think that it will be too interesting to look at this point of similarity.  I have a hunch that insight will come where the two diverge: failure and violence.
	Now what has failure got to do with violence?  When out of context, not much.  However, when placed into context, especially the context discovered in the last several pages, I believe a different sort story emerges.  For Mencius, poverty comes about because the sovereign fails in his Duty, and if we remember that Duty is how the sovereign manifests action, then we might come to understand Mencian poverty as a failure of action.  Although that sounds a bit strange, so maybe we can call it a perversion of action, where the promises of action – the new, the unimagined, the source of freedom – is perverted into something much darker.  And maybe if we understood Arendtian poverty as the mix of necessity and violence and saw it through the example of the French Revolution, then perhaps we might see the terrible violence of the Revolution embodied in the guillotine as the result of the unexpected meeting the violent; that action was created for the cause of revolution, but in its interaction with the violence of poverty, from it sprung a new reign of terror that was unimaginable before.  Although Arendt wrote that the Americans tried to warn the French, there is something more accurate, more real, and more telling about the moment of epiphany that was experienced by Robespierre shortly before the end:
Robespierre, finally, knew well enough what had happened though he formulated it (in his last speech) in the form of prophecy: 'We shall perish because, in the history of mankind, we missed the moment to found freedom.
What I think we get in the end from reading Arendt with Mencius is actually support for a variation of Arendt's original claim: it is dangerous for the public realm to try and answer the question of poverty.  However, I believe Mencius actually gives us a different account that is at once more dangerous, yet also more hopeful.  I believe we have discovered that it is dangerous for the public realm to answer the question of poverty because the unimaginable quality of action has the potential to mix the violence in poverty in such a way that the result is unimaginably violent – which the French Revolution was.  
