However, we have a faint shadow of hope if we see the question framed as one action, as the same unimaginable quality of action that generated terror also has the potential to generate wonder.
	But the true payoff may be that Mencius shows us that our capacity for action might exist earlier.  Arendt privileges action, there is no doubt about that.  However, in doing so she has removed it from the moment of liberation.  Because the two are divorced from one another, the problem of poverty becomes one that is unanswerable for Arendt.  Mencius reveals that it there is the possibility that action can enter in earlier in the story, such that we need not to approach the problem of poverty out of fear, but with hope.

	What differentiates slavery from poverty is, as already stated, how the state of poverty does not subjugate men to necessity in an attempt to utilize their labor power as it is in slavery.
	A note on citations: Citations will be made with both page numbers and passage designators, taking the form of [Chapter].[Passage], accommodating readers who either do not have access to the Hinton translation of the Mencius or are simply more familiar with chapter/passage numbers.
		The Mencius is composed of fourteen chapters that are divided into seven pairs; each pair shares a title that is the name of whatever character appears in the first sentence of the chapter-pair.  As a result, some translations of the Mencius identify chapter-pairs with the same chapter number and differentiating each chapters in the pair with either a letter “A” or “B.”  Thus, a reference to Mencius IIIB.6 in the Burton Watson translation of Hsün Tzu: Basic Writings would correspond to VI.6 in the Hinton translation.

	Emperor Hsüan of Ch'i, and Song minister Tai Pu-sheng, respectively.
	Although responding to the particularities of each situation is what Duty demands of us, the standardization that defines the bureaucracy makes it ill-equipped to respond to situations that fall outside of standard procedure.

	Most accounts place his dates at (372 – 289 B.C.E.).  Other possible dates place him at (385 – 303/302 B.C.E.), which is still well within the era of the Warring States Period (403 – 221 B.C.E.).
	
	“Heaven sees through the eyes of the people.  Heaven hears through the ears of the people.”
		Among other uses, the Mandate of Heaven is used in Mencian thought to reinforce the reciprocal notion of filial responsibility, of the ruler's obligation to his people.

	It was the Chou dynasty that introduced the concept of the Mandate of Heaven.  The Chou used the concept to legitimize their authority in the wake of the Shang dynasty, who legitimized their authority on the claim of their allegedly divine bloodline. While the Mandate of Heaven was successfully used to legitimize their rule, the lack of specificity in the concept – the Mandate was not Chou-specific – meant that the Mandate of Heaven could in turn be used against the Chou themselves.
