	Here, I suspect that Confucius would take “duty” to mean both the “lower-case-d” duty, and the “upper-case-D” Duty.  A minister must not only provide the sovereign with good advice, the duty of his profession, but also be mindful of his social obligations to the sovereign and the way those social obligations are enacted, his Duty.  For more on Duty, see: “Key Terms”

	Although the term, “sharing pleasure with the people,” does not by itself explain the sovereign's responsibility to create suitable conditions for the practice of Humanity, it does so when placed into context with the rest of the passage.  In the passage, Mencius sees promise in the Ch'i emperor's love of music, because the greater pleasure in music is had when it is enjoyed with others.  The emperor cannot access the greater pleasure if he governs poorly, as the people cannot enjoy music with him when their lives are desperate; they ask:
	“Why does our emperor let his love of music make our lives so desperate – father and son, borther and brother, mother and child all separated and scattered apart?”
	As opposed to, “Listen – they're making music, so our emperor must be feeling fine!”

	V.3 departs from I.7 to say:
	And if they're Humane, how can those in high position snare their people in traps?  
	Therefore, the wise ruler practices humility, economy, and reverence toward his subjects.  And he takes from the people only what is due him.
	In V.3, Mencius begins the idea of entrapment as in I.7, but then uses it to caution the Duke Wen of T'eng on proper tax rates.  For Mencius, taxes are a symptom of the sovereign's political responsibility, not a bureaucratic device of extracting resources.
	The term, twisty paths, refers to “paths” that deviate from the Tao (?pinyin: Dào), which translates to Way (the Hinton translation) or “path.”

	In the time of Emperor Yao, things were still wild and unsettled in all beneath Heaven.  Rivers burst their banks and floods raged across the world.  Grasses and trees grew thick with abandon.  Birds and animal s roamed everywhere in herds and flocks.  The five grains never grew tall.  Birds and animals crowded people in: even the Middle Kingdom was a tangle of animal trails and bird tracks.

	Mencius lists the following works that were undertaken during Emperor Yao and Emperor Shun reign:
	It was Yao who worried about how to change all this.  He fostered Shun so he could bring order to things.  Shun assigned Yi to manage fire, and Yi set fire to the mountains and marshes, sending the birds and animals into hiding.  Yü carved out the nine rivers.  He cleared the Chi and T'a, and sent them flowing into the sea.  He opened up the Ju and han, banked up the Huai and Szu – and sent them all slowing into the Yangtze.  Only then were the people of the Middle Kingdom able to grow food.
