	The “bonds of community” meaning the obligations that correspond to each social relationship: “Affection between father and son, Duty between sovereign and subject, responsibility between husband and wife, proper station between young and old, sincerity between friend and friend.”

	After all, Yen Hui, Confucius' best disciple, could have been said to live the life of an ascetic: he didn't eat much because he didn't have much; he dressed poorly because he did not buy clothes; in one instance, it was even said that he slept outside with the elements.  However, Yen Hui was the most Humane person that Confucian knew, surpassing even the Master himself.
	Leisure in Mencius
	An extension which, for Arendt, is part of the problem of the social.  The social creates more and more necessities to consume, so that we are trapped in a self-perpetuating cycle.

Chapter 1: Poverty and Humanity in the Mencius
The Mencius
As a whole, Confucian thought is a blend of moral, political, social, and quasi-religious philosophies.  Although the Mencius is looked to as the foremost interpretation of the whole of Confucian thought, I argue that the Mencius is a decidedly political text.  Whereas a greater emphasis is placed upon the nonpolitical aspects of the Mencius in Confucian scholarship, the text shows that these “nonpolitical” aspects are almost always found in dialogue that concern the political.  The insights of Mencian thought originate from within the political realm; the Mencius is composed of advice and admonishments for and dialogue with those in power.  Even in the most famous passages that comment on Confucian social philosophy or moral philosophy originate out of political questions; e.g. the famous passage that shows humanity's innate goodness in the concern felt for a baby that is about to fall down a well is a response to a political question.
	The example that I am referring to is the following:
“Suddenly seeing a baby about to fall into a well, anyone would be heart-stricken with pity: heart-stricken not because they wanted to curry favor with the baby's parents, not because they wanted the praise of neighbors and friends, and not because they hated the baby's cries.  This is why I say everyone has a heart that can't bear to see others suffer.
	“And from this we can see that without a heart of compassion we aren't human, without a heart of conscience we aren't human, without a heart of courtesy we aren't human, and without a heart of right and wrong we aren't human. 
A heart of compassion is the seed of Humanity.  A heart of conscience is the seed of Duty.  A heart of courtesy is the seed of Ritual.  And a heart of right and wrong is the seed of wisdom.
	“These four seeds are as much a part of us as our four limbs.  To possess them and yet deny their potential – that is to wound yourself.”