	It may be more accurate to say this in the negative, that if the sovereign does not create the proper the environment, the people cannot achieve humanity.  This may be more accurate as Mencius frequently forms his critique in the negative.  This is true of I.7 and, in the Hinton translation, its almost-verbatim reiteration in V.3: 
Unless they have a constant livelihood, the common people will never have constant minds.  And without constant minds, they'll wander loose and wild.  They'll stop at nothing, and soon cross the law.  Then, if you punish them accordingly, you've done nothing but snare the people in your own trap.  And if they're Humane, how can those in high position snare their people in traps?  Therefore in securing the people's livelihood, an enlightened ruler ensures that they have enough to serve their parents and nurture their wives and children, that everyone has plenty to eat in good years and no one starves in bad years.  If you do that, you'll be leading the people toward virtue and benevolence, so it will be easy for them to follow you.
Noting that Mencius uses of the negative in his rhetoric is a nontrivial distinction.  This as much a reflection of Mencian moral philosophy as it is a byproduct of history.  Mencius attempted to find work as an adviser and minister in a time of violent chaos, so it is unlikely that the much of the Mencius would be comprised of glowing praise for those in power.  It is also interesting to note that the most regular practical application of what Mencius advocates is the government's usage of taxes, which is much more a negative act, it extracts resources from the people, as opposed to a positive act, it gives resources to the people.  Yet it also reflects the Mencian belief in man's innate goodness.  An outgrowth this belief is an assumption that poverty is not a feature of the natural world, but is a result of human devices, or to borrow Taoists language, twisty paths.  These twisty paths are the failure of the state to provide for the people.
	This is not to say that Mencius is against the institution of the state, or that Mencius believed man lived in paradise before government.  Although the elements of the natural world reside perfectly in Way, the state of existence that is what the practice of Humanity intends to reach, the natural world is a wild and unsettled environment that is less-than-hospitable towards men.  According to the Chinese mythological history, Emperor Yao had to tame to the Middle Kingdom – setting fire to the mountains and marshes, sending birds and animals into hiding, and carving out the nine rivers – before the people of the Middle Kingdom could grow food.  It is also the state who taught the people about planting and about the very “bonds of human community” that are central to understanding Humanity.
Taxes and Humanity
Taxes play an important role in Mencius.  Not only as a source of revenue for the state, which is an important function of taxes, but as an indicator of several things.  
