Taxes, especially when it comes to having the correct tax rate, helps the sovereign create the physical conditions that are necessary for humanity.  In this way, they do not only have a bureaucratic function, but a political one as well.  The funny thing about taxes is that Mencius is incredibly precise about which taxes and what tax rates are bad, yet is much less clear on what taxes and which tax rates are good.  Part of that we can chalk up to Duty and Ritual, as Duty tells us there is no general way of applying Ritual so that one form of Ritual works in every situation.  So the sovereign has to be privy to the nuances of his own state.  I think this points at a deeper meaning behind it all.  I think what this does is give a more robust emphasis on the ruler having to know what is going on in his kingdom/ the ruler has to be attuned to the particular needs of his people.  I think this can  be explored further by looking at inspections tours in Mencius, so let us table this idea for now.
	So let us talk about what does not work.  What does not work for Mencius are when sovereigns abuse taxes.  Taxes aren't about the sovereign getting a cut from the people, just because he is on top.  When sovereigns abuse taxes, people suffer.  Mencius invokes this sentiment when he cites Kun-Ming Yi:  “There's plenty of juicy meat in your kitchen and plenty of well-fed horses in your stable – but the people here look hungry and in the countryside they're starving to death.  You're feeding people to animals.”  It is clear that he is talking about the sovereign, and there are several problems with this.  The first is the most important; it is that the sovereign has failed in his obligation to the people either he has taxed them into poverty – the emperor sure as hell is extracting the wealth from somewhere, and Mencius .  The second is that the sovereign should not have to want nice things like juicy meat and plenty of horses.  Mencius says, “To live humble and dissatisfied with yourself, even if all the wealth of Han and Wei were added to your own – that is the mark of a person beyond compare.”  Seeing as how the sovereign should lead by example, the sovereign really should not want nice things especially when his people are destitute.  The third problem with this image is that the sovereign takes pleasure in things that are not shared. (2.1)  This is less of a problem than the first two problems, but it still is one.
	The proclivity of emperors to abuse taxation as shown in passage 6.9 is probably the reason why Mencius seems to advocate minimal taxation.  Of the three forms of taxation, cloth, grain, and labor, Mencius advises the sovereign to only tax one of the three at any one time.  When two of these taxes are levied at once, “the people starve and die,” and with all three at once, “father and son are torn asunder,” meaning that the social bonds that keeps society itself together are breaking down.  
