If we all had to make things before we could use them, we'd all spend our lives running back and forth on the roads.”
The thing to do is to exchange what you have for what you do not.  So the potter and has to trade for his grain from the farmer, who in return gets some pots from the potter, and everyone is left happy with pots and grain.  The same is true for other occupations, but especially for those who govern.  It would be even sillier for those who govern to be required to grow their own food and spin their own potter's wheels, having ht minister run from the palace into the field, then down to the river, then to the workshop, then back to the palace – the minister would really be spending his entire day running up and down the road.  The belief that you had to grow your own food is why Mencius thought Hsu Hsing and Ch'en Hsiang were idiots[* change word choice]. (5.4)  (In many ways, this origin story of trade could be used a defense for economics and profit, especially at the end [inequality is the nature of things] which are very unMencian things to be doing, but this is something for another section.)
	Mencius clearly has a problem with high taxes, and he clearly has a problem with low taxes.  But there is a bit of inconsistency when Mencius stops responding in the negative, how rulers should not tax, and begins responding in the positive, how rulers should tax.  In 12.10 Mencius suggests that rulers should levy the tax rates that are prescribed by the Way of Yao and Shun, warning that if rates are below those prescribed, rulers will be “nothing but barbarians,” and if they are above “they'll be nothing but [tyrants.]”  Regarding the actual tax rate, later in the passage Mencius talks about Emperor Wen of Ch'i, who taxed one part in nine.  Emperor Wen seems to have been a good emperor by Mencius' admission.  One part in nine is also greater than one in twenty, so at least the higher tax rate is consistent with passage 12.10, and the effects of the rate do seem to be favorable so it is possible that Wen used Yao and Shun's tax rates, but it is difficult to say for sure.
	Fortunately in 5.3, Mencius tells us that the best tax rate for the countryside is one in nine, provided that the farmers are organized according to the well-field system, and the tax rate in the cities should be one in ten.  However, that seems to contradict idea of Duty, the having to figure out the particularities in specific situations yourself.  The inconsistency is in how Mencius could argue for what good tax rates are and bad tax rates are in generalities, yet maintain that Ritual cannot be enacted in generalities but requires the specificity involved in Duty?  But this question is observation to the main one: taxes do not only have a bureaucratic function, they have a political one as well.
