For the impoverished, the choice was not their own.  The ascetic  ultimately still retains control, because he is able to set aside and access enough leisure time to remain Humane.  The impoverished cannot do any of this, because the choice was not theirs to make.  Thus the impoverished are forced to live a life where they cannot know Humanity and they cannot practice Ritual and Duty.
	I contend that this crucial distinction between the impoverished and the ascetic is also what differentiates the state of poverty (and asceticism) from the state of necessity.  Poverty and asceticism involve choice, whereas necessity does not.  Necessity has always existed.  It is the undeniable condition of being physical creatures, and it existed before the state and will likely exist afterward.  The way choice works in poverty depends on which angle you look at it.  From the vantage point of the impoverished, there is no choice.  They did not choose poverty – why would they?  The the question becomes all about choice for the sovereign.  The sovereign had a choice either to rule his state with humanity or to rule it with depravity; he could either choose to make life easier for his people, or he could choose to use them for his own personal gain.  Poverty comes into existence when the sovereign abandons his Duty to the people chooses to be Inhumane.  Poverty then completely destroys leisure, closing the ability to participate in the Humane life from the people.
	In the Mencius, the practice of Ritual and Duty is dependent upon leisure time; leisure time to learn about Humanity, and leisure time to enact it.  Leisure is created through the sovereign's Duty to his people.  His Duty decreases the necessities of mere survival, creating a physical environment in which the people can practice Humanity.  Poverty comes about when the sovereign neglects or fails in his Duty, he shatters the physical environment necessary for Humanity.
	A note on citations: Citations will be made with both page numbers and passage designators, taking the form of [Chapter].[Passage], accommodating readers who either do not have access to the Hinton translation of the Mencius or are simply more familiar with chapter/passage numbers.
		the Mencius is composed of fourteen chapters that are divided into seven pairs; each pair shares a title that is the name of whatever character appears in the first sentence of the chapter-pair.  As a result, some translations of the Mencius identify chapter-pairs with the same chapter number and differentiating each chapters in the pair with either a letter “A” or “B.”  Thus, a reference to Mencius IIIB.6 in the Burton Watson translation of Hsün Tzu: Basic Writings would correspond to VI.6 in the Hinton translation.

	Emperor Hsüan of Ch'i, and Song minister Tai Pu-sheng, respectively.
	Although responding to the particularities of each situation is what Duty demands of us, the standardization that defines the bureaucracy makes it ill-equipped to respond to situations that fall outside of standard procedure.
