
	Most accounts place his dates at (372 – 289 B.C.E.).  Other possible dates place him at (385 – 303/302 B.C.E.), which is still well within the era of the Warring States Period (403 – 221 B.C.E.).

	“Heaven sees through the eyes of the people.  Heaven hears through the ears of the people.”
		Among other uses, the Mandate of Heaven is used in Mencian thought to reinforce the reciprocal notion of filial responsibility, of the ruler's obligation to his people.

	It was the Chou dynasty that introduced the concept of the Mandate of Heaven.  The Chou used the concept to legitimize their authority in the wake of the Shang dynasty, who legitimized their authority on the claim of their allegedly divine bloodline. While the Mandate of Heaven was successfully used to legitimize their rule, the lack of specificity in the concept – the Mandate was not Chou-specific – meant that the Mandate of Heaven could in turn be used against the Chou themselves.

	Here, I suspect that Confucius would take “duty” to mean both the “lower-case-d” duty, and the “upper-case-D” Duty.  A minister must not only provide the sovereign with good advice, the duty of his profession, but also be mindful of his social obligations to the sovereign and the way those social obligations are enacted, his Duty.  For more on Duty, see: “Key Terms”

	Although the term, “sharing pleasure with the people,” does not by itself explain the sovereign's responsibility to create suitable conditions for the practice of Humanity, it does so when placed into context with the rest of the passage.  In the passage, Mencius sees promise in the Ch'i emperor's love of music, because the greater pleasure in music is had when it is enjoyed with others.  The emperor cannot access the greater pleasure if he governs poorly, as the people cannot enjoy music with him when their lives are desperate; they ask:
	“Why does our emperor let his love of music make our lives so desperate – father and son, borther and brother, mother and child all separated and scattered apart?”
	As opposed to, “Listen – they're making music, so our emperor must be feeling fine!”

	V.3 departs from I.7 to say:
	And if they're Humane, how can those in high position snare their people in traps?  
	Therefore, the wise ruler practices humility, economy, and reverence toward his subjects.  And he takes from the people only what is due him.
	In V.3, Mencius begins the idea of entrapment as in I.7, but then uses it to caution the Duke Wen of T'eng on proper tax rates.  For Mencius, taxes are a symptom of the sovereign's political responsibility, not a bureaucratic device of extracting resources.
	The term, twisty paths, refers to “paths” that deviate from the Tao (?pinyin: Dào), which translates to Way (the Hinton translation) or “path.”

	In the time of Emperor Yao, things were still wild and unsettled in all beneath Heaven.  
