Rivers burst their banks and floods raged across the world.  Grasses and trees grew thick with abandon.  Birds and animal s roamed everywhere in herds and flocks.  The five grains never grew tall.  Birds and animals crowded people in: even the Middle Kingdom was a tangle of animal trails and bird tracks.

	Mencius lists the following works that were undertaken during Emperor Yao and Emperor Shun reign:
	It was Yao who worried about how to change all this.  He fostered Shun so he could bring order to things.  Shun assigned Yi to manage fire, and Yi set fire to the mountains and marshes, sending the birds and animals into hiding.  Yü carved out the nine rivers.  He cleared the Chi and T'a, and sent them flowing into the sea.  He opened up the Ju and han, banked up the Huai and Szu – and sent them all slowing into the Yangtze.  Only then were the people of the Middle Kingdom able to grow food.
	The “bonds of community” meaning the obligations that correspond to each social relationship: “Affection between father and son, Duty between sovereign and subject, responsibility between husband and wife, proper station between young and old, sincerity between friend and friend.”

	After all, Yen Hui, Confucius' best disciple, could have been said to live the life of an ascetic: he didn't eat much because he didn't have much; he dressed poorly because he did not buy clothes; in one instance, it was even said that he slept outside with the elements.  However, Yen Hui was the most Humane person that Confucian knew, surpassing even the Master himself.
2. Arendt: Poverty and Freedom
Hannah Arendt writes in On Revolution that although the French Revolution began with the attempt to liberate themselves from their king, it was derailed by the attempt to liberate themselves from poverty.  Arendt believes this crucial misstep caused them to miss the opportunity to achieve a lasting political freedom.  She says that is because poverty is not a question of the public realm, which is the domain of the political, but is a question of the social realm.  Arendt believes that social questions are a political, i.e. the intrusion of social questions in the political realm results in the destruction of the political.
	But the question is not one that can be easily ignored; in The Human Condition, Arendt writes that poverty forces the “free man to be a slave.”  Poverty reintroduces man to the necessities of life and subjugates him to its demand; this forces him to live a life that is decidedly not free.  Arendt elaborates just how the impoverished are subjugated in On Revolution, writing:
“Poverty is more than deprivation, it is a state of constant want and acute misery whose ignominy consists in its dehumanizing force; poverty is abject because it puts men under the absolute dictate of their bodies, that is, under the absolute dictate of necessity as all men know it from their most intimate experience and outside all speculations.”
