However, I find that this site is the source of some strangeness in Arendt's thought: in her account of the French Revolution, poverty is a question that needs to be tabled to achieve freedom.  Elsewhere, necessity is the condition of our physical existence that needs to be overcome first before men are able to enter the public realm to attain freedom.  Why is there a discrepancy between these two accounts?  How is it that necessity, as it manifests as poverty, be tabled in one account, yet is the condition that must be overcome first in another?
	If we recognize that weirdness in Arendtian thought, then our main task is to develop Arendt's fairly nebulous conception of poverty such that it reconciles with her account of necessity.  Part of this task involves asking, is there a difference between necessity as a condition of our existence as physical beings and necessity as poverty?  Whether there is a difference or not, how does this affect the role of necessity in the story of freedom?  And it may be helpful to ask, given the connection that Arendt makes between poverty and slavery, who is the victim of poverty and who is its perpetrator?
	Do do so, we will find that it is necessary to first gloss what Arendt meant by freedom and poverty, as Arendtian freedom and poverty have very esoteric meanings.  On Revolution was published in 1963.  On Revolution was primarily a study of two revolution of the 18th century , the American and the French Revolutions.  In the book, Arendt rebuts both traditional Marxist and liberal interpretations of these two revolutions, claiming what drove both revolutions is the attempt of collective political action in establishing an active public space where political participation could take place.  However, Arendt concludes that both the American and French Revolutions ultimately failed in sustaining this space.  In the French Revolution, the political goal of freedom was overtaken by the social goal, the end of poverty.  The American Revolution was, on the other hand, was a partial success as the Constitution founded a political society based upon assent (voting).  However, the America Revolution still failed to create an institutional space where citizens could participate in government.  The Human Condition was published five years earlier in 1958.  In it, Arendt critiques the modern world in an exploration of the components of vita activa, Labor, Work, and Action.  Arendt's discussion of necessity, labor, and action will be particularly important in understanding her concept freedom, and will be invaluable in fleshing out the role of poverty in her thought.
Freedom
Our modern understanding of freedom is rooted in the belief that revolution refers the coming of something new.  The irony of this understanding lies in the fact that before this development, the word revolution had only referred to the return of something old.  The word was an astronomical term used to describe the movements of planetary bodies, of their periodic comings and goings in the heavens.  “Revolution” roughly retained this meaning when the term was applied to human affairs, wherein it also suggested an eternal recurrence of pre-established points through time.  
