In the political realm, revolution took on a meaning that described the experience of periodic change between several types of governments, a process somewhat akin to the predestined progressive degeneration of Plato's five regimes.	
	The first uses of revolution to describe historical events were ironically not in reference to what we would today consider a revolution, but in reference to the restoration of the orders that preceded it.  Revolution was used to describe the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 after Rump Parliament and the “glorious Revolution” of 1668 when power was transferred from the Stuarts to William and Mary.  Following these two events, revolution took on  the additional connotation of a sense of righteousness in the restoration.  It would take both the American Revolution and the French Revolution to change the meaning of revolution to what we recognize today.
	The change in meaning of revolution was as much a matter accident as it was a purposeful change.  The fathers of the American Revlution set out not to overturn the existing order to create something new, but to overthrow the monarchy so that they may return to a time in their history, a time that was both undefined and ambiguous yet definite, where they believed their liberties were still intact.  In this respect, the purpose of the American Revolution fit the existing definition of revolution, as the purpose of the American Revolution was at first an attempt to restore the righteous order, and from the American perspective probably not unlike the expectations of the restorations in 1660 and 1668.  It was at the point when the revolutionaries of the American Revolution discovered that a restorative project was impossible and realized the need to pursue entirely new ends.  This experience, Arendt suggests, might have been true for the French Revolution as well – though perhaps less unequivocally so – that the meanings of revolution took on its new meaning.  Although the statesmen of the 18th century exhibited a strange aversion to novelty, revolution and new beginnings would forevermore be associated with freedom.
	As much as the term freedom became associated with revolution and new beginnings, the story of freedom begins with the act of liberation.  This is largely true of most formulations of freedom in any ideology, regardless of how that freedom is ultimately defined.  Although freedom means something different for liberals and Marxists, liberation is a condition for both ideologies.  In liberalism, freedom is preceded by the liberation of man from outside coercion.  In Marxism, freedom is preceded by the liberation of the working class from their bourgeois oppressors.  Even Arendt's own particular construction of freedom, distinct from both liberal and marxist freedom, is preceded by the act of liberation.
	For Arendt, even though liberation may be a condition of freedom, liberation is not freedom itself.  A successful act of of liberation does not guarantee the attainment of freedom, liberation is not freedom itself, but merely the potential for it, creating a vacuum where the new can be possible.  The type of liberty that is found at the heart of liberation is essentially negative in nature.  
