Liberation is a negative liberty in the sense that it is liberation from-; the act of liberation liberates us from the tyrant, from our bourgeois oppressors, from outside coercion.  It creates an empty space of possibilities without ensuring the success, or even the shape, of what may come to fill that space.  Because the only thing this negative liberty is concerned about is the object – tyrant, bourgeois, oppressor, or outside coercion – that it is being liberated from, even its intent, according to Arendt, is not identical to the intention of freedom.
	This is a point that is lost to liberals and Marxists, which is a focus of the critique that Arendt makes in On Revolution.  Both liberals and marxists seem to believe that freedom follows automatically from liberation.  The Marxist reason for that is fairly straightforward.  Since Marxists believe communism to be part of the natural progression following capitalism, the worker's revolution would naturally be followed by the worker's paradise.  For Marxists, causality was a question of history; history had already decided freedom would automatically follow liberation.
	Liberals, particularly American liberals, also have a view that freedom automatically follows liberation.  The distinction between liberty and freedom has been collapsed in the American collective consciousness in part due to the ambiguous of nature of freedom in liberalism.  Liberalism understands freedom as non-restraint, of doing what one wants without interference from others.  At the same time, freedom is also something that is natural that men are born – born Thomas famously wrote that men were “endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights” – and as such it is freedom, not the absence of freedom, that characterizes the natural order.  Together, these two sentiments create a powerful belief that once men are liberated from their oppressors, creating a space of non-interference, freedom will naturally occur in that space.
	However, liberalism does not answer what the substance of non-restraint.  Liberalism does not answer the content of whatever.  Of course, that is the point.  Freedoms are, for the most part, not defined by the state.  Even the United States Constitution, where liberties and freedoms are specifically enumerated in and protected by the Constitution, provisions were written that to the power to define freedom was not   As we will see, the Arendtian definition of a positive view of freedom contains much more substance to it.
Action, Public and Private Realms
	Action,  along with Labor and Work, is one of the three components of the Human Condition.  Arendt believes that action is distinct from labor and work in that the quality of action is freedom.  The labor of the animal laborans is defined by necessity.  Labor is something that is shared by all living things as it provides the essentials for physical existence, but as it can only follow the dictates of necessity, it cannot be free.  Work, the practice of the homo faber, is a distinctively human activity.  Through work, man is able to fabricate great things of durability and permanence, objects that function as shared markers of human existence.  
