However, even work is subject to dictates, maybe not of necessity, but of the object it produces in the end.  In this way, work is also not free.
	However, the end of action is itself.  As it is subordinate to nothing but itself, action is the embodiment of freedom.  Or rather, it is only because of action that men are able to experience true freedom.  Intrinsic to man's capability to act is man's ability to initiate and create something new, something unexpected and unpredictable, something that defies the odds of statistical probability.  It is the novelty that distinguishes action from mere behavior.
	Arendt's conception of freedom has less to do with negative spaces of non-interference that it has to do with positive spaces that are conducive to public discourse and action.  The content of freedom in Arendtian thought is found in the participation in public affairs and admission to the public realm.  Arendt locates freedom in the public realm because man is, first and foremost, a social animal.  Even the life of the hermit is only possible with the existence of others.  Human life is defined by the existence of others and the interaction with others.
	The public realm is the common ground that facilitates human interaction.  It is the space that gathers all of us, masses of distinct individuals, together to form communities.  This common space is truly common in every sense of the word, as the world is truly the thing that everyone has in common.  Arendt imagines the public realm as a vast table that we all sit around, such that we are all separated from one another by the table, yet are at the same time connected by the table as well.
	This common ground is a place where objects become more “objective” and more real.  The public realm is able to accomplish this through both the sameness and difference found in men.  Even though the public realm is common ground, everybody enters into the public realm with different perspectives.  This diversity of perspectives gains significance because everybody is seeing and hearing from different positions.  Yet the reality of an object is not just created through an innumerable multitude of perspectives, but from all these different perspectives all seeing one thing.  It is through the discernment of sameness through difference that an object gains permanence.
	Like the ancient Greeks, Arendt's story of freedom begins with the observation that men are born into a life of biological necessity.  Biological necessity is the driving force of life.  Life under necessity is the continuous cycle of tiol and consumption.  Man grows hungry, so he toils by hunting or gathering or farming until he has enough food to consume and satiate his hunger.  When he gets hungry, he will need to toil again, and so the cycle goes on.  The ancients believed that man was only human in the ways in the ways in the ways that he was different from animals.  Many animals hunt.  Gathering is not anything special either; we are reminded of this every autumn by the squirrels and chipmunks.  
