What separates slavery from necessity, and so by extension poverty from necessity, is the element of coercion and violence.
	Violence is what differentiates poverty from necessity, such that poverty is not just defined as necessity located in the social realm, which it is, but more completely the violent necessity of the social realm.  I believe that when Arendt is describing the “dehumanizing force” of poverty, she mistakes the apoliticism of violence for the prepoliticism of necessity, confusing the two to disastrous results.  This is the source of inconsistency.  The failure of the French Revolution does not have to do with necessity itself; although the political sphere is ill-equipped to deal with questions of necessity, this was not the immediate source of failure.  The immediate reason why the French Revolution failed has to do the violence found in poverty.  During the French Revolution, the public realm – which shunned the barbarian's violence and took speech and reason as its language – found itself incapable of understanding the language of poverty.  Because the public realm did not speak the language of poverty, it could not even begin to understand the question of poverty, and it was this failure of comprehension – as the political could not even begin to understand the social question for it to be the cause of failure – is what doomed the French Revolution.

	What differentiates slavery from poverty is, as already stated, how the state of poverty does not subjugate men to necessity in an attempt to utilize their labor power as it is in slavery.
CAR WARS
	In The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy an alien author comes to Earth to study the dominant life form on the plant: the car.  In order to blend in with the “locals,” he takes the name Ford.  The joke works, as all good jokes do, because we recognize the kernel of truth within the punchline.  The car, though not actually the dominant form of life on this planet, plays a significant part in our lives.  In Car Wars, Grame Davison, seeks to explore that significance and the effect it has had on his hometown of Melbourne.
	Car Wars is Graeme Davison's overview of the impact of the car on Melbourne, Australia during the latter half of the 20th century.  In this book, Davison traces how the automobile has affected the gender relations, suburban sprawl, environmental concerns, and even the Melburnian sense of aesthetics among other things.  I found that Car Wars was a useful, if unorthodox, introduction to some of the topics that I hope to pursue in this independent study.
	I say unorthodox because Car Wars is, after all, not a history of the car in United States, but a history of the car in Australia.  This requires us to keep a few things in mind.  
