Among the more superficial things to keep in mind is that the selection of cars that were available in Australia were different—so while we remember the 50's in terms of Corvettes and Thunderbirds, an Australian will likely remember the 50's in terms of Holdens and English Morrisses.  However, this superficial difference is not only a result of how different markets overlap—or fail to overlap—but is in many ways symptomatic of deeper issue; that deeper issue is the cultural divide between America and Australia that dictates which cars enter the Australian market.
	The Australian car owner has different needs and preferences than the American car owner—this is a product of both his physical environment and his upbringing—and these preferences will color the effects of the car in Australia.  For instance, the natural environment of Australia causes its inhabitants to favor steel-topped cars instead of canvas-topped ones.  Australians also, at least in the early post-war period, favored durability, reliability, and affordability over aesthetics.  The result of these preferences was the creation of the home-grown car, the Holden.  In this example, the particularities do not result in anything terribly significant.  However, Davis also writes that suburban sprawl has always been a feature of Australian cities, “since colonial times.”  This is significant, as the suburbanizing effect of the car led to slightly different consequences for sprawl-familiar Australia than it did for America.
	For Davison, the significance of the car is rooted in our materialistic age.  If some disaster were to wipe out our civilization, Davison posits that future archaeologists will likely be looking at the remains of our freeways and shopping centers and recognize just how significant the automobile was to our way of life.  If Davison writes about the significance of the car with any bit of hyperbole, it is because the car has shaped the physical world that we live in.
	The narrative of the automobile in Melbourne really begins in the post-war era.  Although cars were around in the pre-war era, they had not yet taken on the symbolism that we associate with the automobile today.  According to Davison's narrative, the car during the pre-war era was regarded as merely another mode of transportation alongside the train, the tram, the bicycle, and one's own feet—maybe even less so, as the car was too expensive for the average family.  The genesis for change was WWII.
	For most of the world, WWII was a time of “deferred hopes and frustrated desires.”  Gasoline rationing meant that those who had cars couldn't really use them, and the heavy use of public transportation systems for the war effort meant that trains and trams were overcrowded.  Davison believes that this discontent led to a growing desire for the independence, privacy, and personal mobility for the automobile.  This discontent with war-time conditions forever associated public transportation systems with bad feelings.
	Within a decade after the end of WWII, the car becomes more and more affordable for the average family.  
