According to Davison, this was likely due to a growing middle class, the introduction of a tiered car model/pricing structure within brands, as well as other factors.  This allows more and more families to move to the suburbs, which has the effect of changing the physical landscape of Melbourne.  A growing suburban population necessitates the creation of supermarkets and shopping centers, which has the unintended of shuttering the small shops that provided all the goods and services locally in the pre-war era.
	Davison also believes that the car had a hand in changing social dynamics.  The coupling of the mobility offered by the car with the enlargement of suburbia allowed young adults to socialize outside of their immediate areas.  Until the late nineteenth century, young people were only able to socialize with one another under the “gaze of their elders.”  This was the age of small communities, where everyone knew everybody else's business.  The introduction of the bicycle began to change the social dynamic, allowing young people to socialize with others in the next town over.  But it wasn't until the advent of the car that young people could really find themselves free to get into trouble.  Although the first use of the phrase “going out” appeared in the 1920's, it really wasn't until the post-war period that the social dynamic really began to change, after cars first became affordable to families of average incomes, and then started trickling their way down from the parents of those families to their teenagers.
	Davison theorizes that it was during this change in social dynamics that cars became sexy.  During the period between the late 1940's to the 1960's, teenagers first began defining themselves with their cars as a representation of their freedom of mobility.  They—meaning young men—soon “realized” that the type of car they drove was a significant factor in the dating game.
	Yet what may be even more important than the social lives of young people (although, as many young people will argue, that is debatable) is the way in which the suburb and the car form a feedback loop wherein one feeds upon the other: the car contributed to the growth of the suburb and its ancillary components (service stations, drive-ins, etc.), a way of living that when perpetuated requires even more cars be produced for its participants, and so on and so forth.  Reyner Banham used to word “autopia” to describe the occurrence of this phenomenon in Los Angeles.  Robin Boyd—his Australian counterpart—had his own word for it: “Austerica.”
	“Austerica” isn't just a portmanteau of “Australia” and “America” that suggests some sort of simple hybrid of the two.  It also refers to the Australian tendency to pursue the “cheapest and nastiest in American culture (the austerity version).”  In contrasting the European method of accommodating cars to the Australian, Davison notes that while the Europeans left their own distinctive mark—the “German autobahn, the British roundabout, the Italian autostrada”—the Australian response was to embrace the American way whole-heartedly and without critique.  
