The consequence of this, however, was not just the adoption of the American aesthetic, but the adoption of all the ills in American car culture.  Melbourne has also seen the deterioration of its inner city and the breakdown of a socialized public.  Its suburbanites also ranked privacy and security as greater concerns than urbanity and sociability like many American suburbanites.
	What I took away from Car Wars was a sober reminder of the damaging effects that the car has had in Melbourne.  Davison's book confirmed several of my gut reactions concerning the externalities of car culture with concrete examples.  He also offers an explanation as to why we seem to only notice the negative externalities of the car these days; he writes:
“The more indispensable the car became, the less powerful was its hold on the imagination.  The 'dream machine' had been a figment of that brief moment of postwar innocence when the car was still a chromium glint in the owner's eye, the first installments had yet to be paid, and the road—soon to be filled by the roar of engines and stench of petrol fumes—lay beckoning.”
My reaction to this, given that I have seemed to loosely structure this independent study around how damaging cars are, would be to ask, how might we reverse this train of thought?  Although Davison uses the term “dream machine” negatively here, the automobile was not just a figment of imagination, but was genuine symbol of freedom.  How might we recapture that sentiment without being dishonest about those negative aspects?
	The alien's full name was Ford Prefect, a joke that is lost to most audiences of The Hitchhiker's Guide who don't realize that the Ford Prefect was a popular British Ford model from 1938 to 1961.

The Car in the City
	Public transit is the new polar bear, which can't be great news for the polar bear because it only became the new baby seal itself just recently.  You might ask, what does public transit—let's say, a city bus—have to do with polar bears and baby seals?  For one, city buses don't have to worry about being clubbed.  And the only thing that a 15 ton city bus seems to have in common with a 800 lb polar bear is that sometimes the bus is also white.  The common denominator between the bus, the polar bear, and the baby seal is that the bus too is a poster-child.  
Much like how the baby seal was the image of animal conservation and welfare, the city bus (or the subway, light-rail, commuter train, or any other representative of public transit) has become the image of urban renewal and environmentalism.  This image promises us that a renewed investment in public transit systems solves our problems of urban decay, carbon emissions, air pollution, our dependence on foreign oil, all in you stroke; you name it, public transit solves it.  What this also does, in that same stroke, is paint a picture of the enemy: the car.
