	In The Death and Life of Great American Cities, Jane Jacobs explores what urbanity means in the modern world, what factors caused urban decay, and what can help our urban centers make a comeback.  Any book on the city would be incomplete if it didn't look at the car.  The car, perhaps more than anything else, changed the makeup of the nation's cities in the latter half of the 20th century.  In Great American Cities, Jacobs spends a significant amount of time examining both the role that the car has played in destroying the city, and how it is possible to undo that damage.
	What is interesting in The Death and Life of Great American Cities (if the word “interesting” could be used here without being a tremendous understatement), is that Jane Jacobs makes a point to say that automobiles aren't the cause of urban decay.  Yes, the ubiquity of the car, and its requisite parking lots, gas stations, and highways, has reshaped the urban landscape for (what Jacobs would say) the worse.  Yes, the mobility that the car affords contributed to rise of sprawl.  And in doing so, yes, the car is responsible for the resulting cleavages in the forces that creates neighborhoods and communities.  The car has separated residential areas from the shopping malls, the workplaces, and the places of public assembly, and left in its a vacuous space.
	Nevertheless, Jacobs writes, “we blame the automobiles too much.”  Although the car has certainly contributed to the decline of the urban center, Jacobs argues that the car is not ultimately responsible for the demise of the American city.  The car is only a symptom of a larger issue.  The car only becomes a problem when it follows the failures in conventional urban planning; it's when urban planners fail to understand how cities work that the relatively “simple needs” of the automobile—navigating traffic and parking—become destructive elements.
	The truth in this, argues Jacobs, lies in the fact that the ills facing urban centers would likely exist without cars in the first place.  The first ideals of conventional urban planning, emphasizing zoning and openness, were proposed by Ebenezer Howard in 1898 in response to how London was at the time.  This predates the widespread adoption of the automobile by a decade.  These early ideals, elaborated upon by Geddes in his “Garden City” and then developed even further by a group of Americans called the Decentrists, already contained ideas about isolating communities from one other at the level of the neighborhood block, ideas that would be shown to be central to later planners.  
Such is it that, according to Jacobs, our cities would be subject to the vacuousness of sprawl if they were rebuilt and reorganized to these ideals even without cars in the first place.
	If this had happened, Jacobs goes on to suggest that perhaps cars would be invented in for sprawl, as the car would be a necessity to get around these hypothetical cities.  