Male patients with systemic-onset JIA are predisposed to more disability than females with the same diagnosis.  Conversely, females with polyarticular JIA are predisposed to more disability than their male counterparts.    Patients with a positive ANA and oligoarticular or polyarticular JIA usually have longer durations of symptomatology, whereas patients with systemic-onset JIA and a positive ANA generally have a shorter disease course.  In general, patients with rheumatoid factor positive polyarticular JIA have a poor outcome.  Persistent disease activity is the single most important factor in determining poor prognosis. There are also several factors that are used by a clinician to predict persistent disease activity, erosions, and physical disability.  The predictors of persistent disease activity and erosions include young age of onset, a large number of joints involved, and a long duration of elevated ESR.  The factors that forecast physical disability are female sex, symmetric arthritis, hip joint involvement, and time interval with raised ESR level.  

JIA is not solely a disease of childhood; JIA continues into adulthood in one-third of patients.  In addition, 60% of patients with JIA will develop limitations in their activities of daily living and have higher rates of unemployment than the general population.  

The period of transition from the pediatric rheumatologist to adult care is a high risk time for these patients.  In Vancouver, a model was introduced to help with this transition.  In this model, adolescent patients begin to take on more health-care responsibilities.  Then, when patients turn 18, they are transferred to a transitional clinic where there is both an adult and pediatric rheumatologist.  Finally, at 22 years of age, these patients are transferred to 100% adult care.  This is the one model for the transition of medical care of JIA patients.

There are several common medical problems that patients with JIA have in adulthood. These consist of musculoskeletal inflammatory disease, chronic orthopedic deformities, monarticular manifestations, psychosocial consequences, and long-term medication toxicity. In addition, due to the side effect profile of a number of the JIA treatments it is imperative to stress the importance of planned pregnancy and to avoid sexual transmitted diseases by practicing safe sex.
The high school graduation rate for patients with JIA (over 85%) is higher than controls (79%).  Interestingly however, patients with JIA have a significantly lower rate of post-secondary education completion than the general population - 55% relative to 71%.  In addition, unemployment rates are higher for patients with JIA as compared with controls.
Patient adherence is an important aspect of controlling JIA.  Patients are generally more adherent to their medication regiments than their daily exercises.   They are very adherent to medications, but only moderately adherent to exercises.  Adolescents are less adherent to JIA therapies than younger children.  Patient education has been shown to improve their quality of life, boost their coping skills, and increase adherence.

Children and adolescents, who are the primary person responsible for their JIA, are much more reliable informants about their adherence than their parents. Parents usually overestimate the side effects of the medications and the difficulty of the daily exercises.  
