On Saturday November 10, 2007, I attended Chris's Jazz Café to watch Anat Cohen and her band play. In her band, was herself on clarinet and tenor saxophone; on the drums, Daniel Freedman; on the piano, Jason Linder; and on the bass, Barak Mori. Her band mostly played cool jazz, but dabbled a little bit in bebop during her performance. Overall the show was excellent and she put on a fantastic performance.
	Cool jazz started with the famous Miles Davis Nonet and took the country by storm. During the time of Miles Davis's Nonet, they drew little attention. So little, that after a couple recordings, the band broke up. Although the nonet had dissolved, the members began solo careers, which propelled cool jazz even further. As it progressed, it became known as "cool school", and produced the Modern Jazz Quartet as a shining example of the cool jazz sound (Gioia 283). The Modern Jazz Quartet lasted for over forty years, and went through many transitions in jazz along the way such as hard bop, third stream, free jazz and many styles that we know today (Giddins 377). All the while this was going on, a west coast explosion in cool jazz was occurring. Some of the leaders of the cool jazz movement were Gerry Mulligan and Lee Konitz who was considered one of the best altoists of his day. Also Gunther Schuller became known in thread stream jazz, but got his start in the Miles Davis Nonet (Gioia 284). All of these great artists lead to one movement in jazz history.
	Anat Cohen has a strange background, which some how lead her down the path to be a jazz musician. She was born in Tel Aviv, Israel and began to study clarinet and saxophone at a young age. All her also took an interest in music, so it was not a surprise that she did as well. She made her way through school and kept up her playing through her school's different bands. Even during her mandatory service in the Israeli Air Force, she played throughout. She headed out to Boston in 1996 and enrolled at the famous Berklee College of Music. She was encouraged to play the clarinet, and learned that there was more to music than just traditional jazz. From there she made her way to New York and got her start performing for crowds and showcasing her talent. She has many influences in classical,  Brazillian choro, Argentine tango and Afro-Cuban musical styles.
	When I saw her, she played an hour and a half set, and played four songs total. She started out by introducing herself and her band, then immediately began playing. The first song was a great start to the show. Loud, vibrant and full of traditional jazz riffs and styles. It was titled "The Purple Piece" and was off one her first albums that she had made. During the song, each band member go to showcase their talent on their instrument. 
