I launch myself horizontally through the air. The smooth plastic sticks to my outstretched hand and my fingers clamp down as I prepare for impact. Holding onto the disc I slide across the beautifully groomed grass. My teammates rush the field cheering, celebrating the big play and defensive point that would be one of many to help us win a game at Regionals for the first time in the team's three year history. Most of my summer weekends are spent in a similar fashion, on polo fields up and down the east coast, competing with other club teams. 
The average age of our team is 23, so we are a relatively young team compared to most that we play. We have played against multiple teams from Canada, and even at tournaments hosted in Canada. Other teams we have played have had an average roster age that is close to twice our age. Those teams are from the Masters division of the game, for players 33 and older. I have played on the same field as past national champions and run with players from various parts of the world. 
The first collegiate Ultimate teams formed in the early 1970's. The sport had been adapted from Frisbee football and soon caught on with many colleges along the east coast. Today there are over 700 teams in the college men's division alone. Those who wish to play after college can also play for competitive club teams in men's, women's, and mixed divisions. Ultimate is played with 7 players on the field for each team. Play starts with a 'pull' which is equivalent to a football kick-off and possession changes with every incompletion. Goals are scored by catching the disc in an end-zone similar to football, but much deeper. End-zones on a standard field are 25 yards deep with a 70 yard field in between, and the field is 40 yards wide. 
Ultimate has grown substantially in the past ten years not only in the number of teams and players in the game, but also in the level of intensity and skill of the athletes. Many players on club and college teams had never played the sport in high school but have converted from football, lacrosse, soccer, and cross country. Frank Gillan, a co-captain of Drexel University's Ultimate team thinks the sport has grown primarily because of the variety of skill sets used, "There are just so many aspects to it which makes it fun to always strive to learn something new or to accomplish some task you set for yourself. And most importantly it is fun." There are many strategic offenses and defenses for experienced players and teams to experiment with, while beginners attempt to master a variety of throws. 
The current growth in popularity and skill in Ultimate has lead to a developing power struggle between the Ultimate Players Association, a non-profit started in 1979, and Cultimate, a for-profit venture that hosts multiple college and club tournaments over the course of the year. 
