Where Do They Go When They Leave
	It has been a year since I graduated from Taft High School with the infamous class of 2000, but I wonder what has happened to those who did not come this far with us.  There were grade school classmates who vanished into oblivion, and people who made it to high school but did not walk with us at graduation.  These are people who have touched my life without knowing they had made any impact, and I have no way to let them know but through this letter.  I would like to dedicate this to Kelly Knee, and all the things he left behind.
	I do not remember the day he left, but the time up to that point still exists in the corner of my mind.  It was brought to the front of my mind during my sophomore year in high school, when a boy in English class retold the story of how Kelly fearlessly dodged defenders on the football field, scoring a touchdown for the wrong team.  I do not remember Kelly that way, but more as a hero.  At Taft South Elementary,  a crumbling brick school in the small town of Lost Springs, Wyoming, I met my best friend, Kelly Knee.
	I think what drew me to Kelly was the constant abuse he suffered at the hands of the teacher and our classmates.  Others found fault with his appearance, but I thought he was not so bad as they gave him credit for.  I would most closely compare him with Jerry Mathers in Leave it to Beaver.  If I remember correctly, Kelly was quite puny.  He looked the type who bruised too easily.  I focused instead on his chocolate brown eyes, and the shy, reserved smile he shared with me.  But in spite of what I thought, Kelly was the outcast, the one with a constant case of “cooties”, which was something I did not believe in.  At the time, I am sure he was called “jake”, or some other meaningless insult kids threw at each other.  Often, Kelly spent long stretches of time seated on the cold checkered floor of the hallway, dividing him further from a class he did not fit into.  He was only punished for failing to finish his spelling work book at our pace, and was so unnoticed that the teacher seemed to forget she had sent him to the hallway at all.  In a year’s time, I learned why Kelly could never completely concentrate on his school work.
	Kelly became my own personal mission, and eventually my closest friend.  At the time, I would have dreaded anyone discovering how real our friendship was, but I was too foolish to understand how important Kelly was to me.  When Kelly carried his tray meekly into the lunch room, scanning those already seated for a friendly face, I pretended to cringe.  “Please don’t let him sit by me,” I begged of some secret forces that I believed in as a child.  
