Secretly, I wished he would take the chair next to mine, as I was not exactly the most popular child either.  And he did.  Our daily conversations probably covered the most serious of topics; for example, the finer points of cafeteria food.  Where else could a kid find radioactive peas that bounced on the table?  They were a nauseating shade of green comparable to that of the walls of the lunch room.  Of course, I preferred his company to that of the girls, whose discussion topic was usually “Which 90210 guy is cuter:  Brandon or Dylan?”   Then, one day, Kelly let me in on his secret life outside of school.  His father had died when Kelly was still very young.  Looking back, I do not remember how he actually passed away, but I recall that it was something extremely heroic.  Maybe it was in a war.  This not only increased my interest in Kelly, but made me realize the reason he could never concentrate.  More serious things perplexed him than how to complete a lesson in a stupid work book.  For Kelly, the lesson of life most have consumed most of his time.
	I hope Kelly learned the lesson of friendship from me.  When other children taunted Kelly, I generally took the abuse with him.  However, in our own small corner of the world, Kelly and I enjoyed life.  Especially recess, which brought us a chance to imagine, to play cops and robbers, and escape teasing.  Our wild friend Monica would stand on the log bridge, which was her “limousine,” and “urinate” on passing vehicles.  Kelly and I had to arrest her before she escaped the law.  Then there was the game where we pretended we were food passing through the human digestive system.  I think that was Joe Swinson's idea.  He was also a misfit, but very intelligent and misunderstood.  We called him “Joe Kite Star Swinson-U” because that is how it appeared on the name tag he had decorated on the first day of school.  There was a rumor that he had taught himself how to read when he was three years old.  I guess this bizarre game was his idea of fun, but if anyone else had discovered these strange games we played, I am sure there would have been more teasing for Kelly.
	In the third grade, I discovered we shared similar interests in and out of school.  Both of us were studying the artistic techniques of Bob Ross on PBS.  When painting with watercolors in class, each of us would rinse our brush and “beat the devil out of it,” as Bob Ross would say.  While we painted “happy little trees,” we discussed the wonderful products we had seen the previous night on the Home Shopping Network.  One day, Kelly announced he really had something this time.  It was not from HSN, but he still beamed when he drew his wallet from his pocket and flashed his Burger King Kid’s Club card.  
