I was proud too, because Kelly was finally a part of a larger group that accepted him unconditionally.  If only his classmates could open their arms, and accept him too.  That same day, Kelly told me his mother was going to be married again, and his name would be Kelly Radcliff.  That is why his Burger King card said “Kelly "Radcliff” on it, but I do not remember ever calling him anything besides Kelly Knee.
	This year, even in a different class with a different teacher, Kelly was still the victim of the teacher and bullies.  I still sat with him in spite of his tormentors.  We both ignored the harassment, which was getting very old and pathetic by that time.  Together, we survived the third grade.  Toward the end of the year, I finally found the perfect opportunity to do something I had never had the courage to do:  stand up for Kelly instead of ignoring the situation.  Mrs. Jones asked us to write about how she could improve her teaching for next year’s class.  I wrote, “You need to stop picking on Kelly so much.  You don’t know what he’s been through,” or something to that effect.  To my surprise, instead of being angry with me, she was so moved that she read my paper aloud to the entire class.  She told us the writer would remain anonymous, as if the rest of the class was not pointing their stubby little fingers at me.  No one besides me would even think of standing up for Kelly, let alone do it.  I doubt the bullying stopped completely, but it let up.  I know the teacher was not so hard on Kelly anymore.  My letter meant a lot to me, and to Mrs. Jones.  And I am hoping it had some meaning for Kelly, too.
	The following year, Kelly and I were once again in the same class, which was taught by Mrs. Smith.  He became even more heroic to me, because I discovered he had another talent.  When the weather was less than ideal, we stayed inside for recess.  The teacher prepared a variety of games and activities ofr us, one being ring toss.  Kelly turned out to be quite a marksman.  I had yet another reason to be proud of Kelly.  He really brought so many things into my life.  I do not understand why we never spent time together outside of school.  I wish we had taken the extra time to get to know each other.  My guess would be that Kelly was ashamed of his family situation, or his rental house.  The reason I never invited him over is for the simple fact that I have always kept my school life and my personal life separate.  I am to shy to get that close to someone.  However, he was my best buddy, and I should have bent the rules for him.
	Then came the terrible day when I found out Kelly would be leaving for Martinsville. 
