Each of us would have to tough it out for the year --and every year after-- without the help of the other.  Inside, I was devestated to lose my best friend, but I played it off as though it had no impact on my life.  The cloud that hangs over the day he left keeps me from remembering it at all.  I am wondering several things.  Did I write my address for him on a scrap of paper?  Did his eager fist crumple it, shoving it into his pocket?  No, I think that is how I like to remember it, not how it really happened.  I  do not believe I gave him my address at all.  Why is the world always cruel to Kelly Knee?
	After Kelly left, I met a new friend named Jill.  I had actually met her the previous summer in vacation bible school, but I had no idea she would join me in school.  Jill was, like Kelly, one of those people few of us liked and everyone picked on.  Mrs. Smith even made fun of Jill’s “clogging” routine on the days she was absent.  But she was not the same as my old friend; she was too sensational.  Her tall tales about how her uncle, the pastor, had stabbed her with a fork and tossed her into a dumpster made me miss Kelly even more.  He may have been less exciting than Jill, but he as an honest, simple friend.  Where do they go when they leave?
	Shortly after Kelly had gone, Mrs. Jones stopped me in the hallway and asked, “Do you miss Kelly?” I said, “No, not realy.”  I am not sure if I misunderstood what she asked me.  Looking back, I can think of no other reason I would have lied through my teeth.  All I remember is that I went home and cried that night.  I cried because I missed my friend.
	Years have passed, and I still wonder about Kelly.  All I know is that his family had been evicted from their rental house, and they were moving to Marysville.  After that point, anything could possibly have happened to him.  He could have been victimized yet again by cruel people who did not care to listen to the tragedies he had survived, especially the loss of his father, who could have been the stabilizing factor in his life.  The same way he had been harassed at my school, Kelly may have been teased for his attire, or for being the non-athletic type.  In all my years at this school, it was a very opressive environment, where those who did not fit into the mold of “perfection” were the butt of all the jokes.  Maybe Martinsville would be more supportive of Kelly, or maybe he had changed entirely to fit in.  He could be content now, working, possibly married.  I care so much because I think Kelly was the first person I loved, outside of my family.  That day in English class, it all came back to me. 
