When I got home, I tried desperately to find him on the Internet, with no luck.  I searched for Kelly Knee, Kelly Radcliff, anyone who could have been my friend.  Then I realized he may not have a computer, or email.   I wish he had.  I would like to know if life is treating him as well as it treats me.
	What would I want to tell Kelly now, some nine years after he left Taft?  Strangely enough, I wrote this paper for an English class I took during my first quarter of college.  There was a lady named Tonya Winston in my class who had gone to Martinsville High School, and had written at the bottom of my paper that she would be willing to help me locate Kelly.  I never gave her a response to this offer, even though I would love to know how Kelly is doing.  My reason for not taking this opportunity to contact Kelly is because I am not sure he valued our friendship the way I had.  I have a tendency to blow things out of proportion, to dramatize everyday things that no one else would see the beauty in.  Maybe Kelly, who I had seen as my best friend in grade school, saw me as nothing more than his classmate.  Or there was the terrifying possibility that he may not remember me at all.  I can not stand the idea of writing Kelly a letter and receiving one in return saying, “Who are you?”  For this reason, I can not see myself ever trying to contact my long lost friend.  I guess we were not meant to be friends forever.
Golf is an individual sport which requires not only a physical ability to hit the ball accurtately from the tee, but also the mental toughness to get the ball in the hole.  Perhaps you can easily figure the distance to the green, but you must mentally focus on every aspect from the backswing to the final putt.  Why do so many golfers fall apart on the last day of a tournament when Tiger Woods is climbing up the leader board?  Because Tiger Woods has mastered the psychological aspects of the game in a way with which other golfers can not compare.  This is a skill he can learn to master again.  So, how does one go about preparing for the mental game of golf?
Let us begin with driving the ball.  As you stand at the tee, step back from your ball momentarily.  Visualize precisely where you would like the ball to go.  Take a brief second to relax your muscles, shake off any tension or counter-productive thoughts.  When you step back up to your ball, focus intently on the ball.  While you should not over-analyze your set-up, make sure you are standing in the correct posture, facing your feet toward your target.  Do not remove your focus from the ball as you take your practice swing, draw the club back, and follow through with your shot. 
