A node is both a connection to the network and a repeater of data through the network. Each node operates independently, and talks to its neighbors to find the best way "out" of the network to the internet. The nodes are made up of an antenna, a WiFi radio, and a box to hold it. Cabling from the radio provides a connection to the network and out to the Internet. Twenty four nodes were built: 22 for each house, one for the tribal hall, and another as a spare. Quite a bit of time was spent on weatherproofing every box as well as possible - they will all be sitting on rooftops, so each one will be exposed to the elements. After the nodes are built, each WiFi radio has special software installed on it to route the data through the mesh. The software was developed by CUWiN, and is custom built to work dynamically - nodes can be added and removed from the mesh without disrupting the overall functioning. As long as every node has at least one way out of the network, it will work. 

After the nodes were built, they needed to be physically installed on the rooftops! We split up into teams of two: one person to go up on the roof, the other to act as a safety and to hand up tools and equipment. Now let me point something out: the desert of southern California is REALLY hot. Rooftops in the midday sun in the desert of southern California is REALLY REALLY hot. I am not complaining, just making an observation. Sunscreen was indespensible, and gallons and gallons of water and juice were consumed. 

Every node had an ethernet cable that would run into the house to provide the network connection. We drilled a small hole in the wall, and passed the cable through, similar to how a cable or satellite TV installer would. After plugging in the power device and a small ethernet router, the network installation was done! Tribal Digital Village also provided a computer to any household that didn't have one already, or had use for another computer. We set these up as well, and demonstrated for folks at home how to log on and access the internet. 

I would be lying if I said everything went smoothly, and I don't like to lie. This is new technology, and new software - so of course there are bugs. We also ran in to a few problems with the nodes. In one case, the WiFi board had a short but sweet life - and died sometime after we put it on the roof. Our guess is that it was a faulty chip, and excess heat led to its demise. It only took a few more hot and sweaty runs up a ladder to fix that one. There was a more vexing problem with the software running on the nodes, but the CUWiN development folks swung into action and after a few revisions, we started getting houses on the internet! 
