I.  	Introduction
The following analysis is based on content from four half-hour television sitcom programs: That ‘70s Show, on channel 13 (KCOP/UPN) at 6:00 PM on 
October 9, 2002; Seinfeld, on channel 13 (KCOP/UPN) at 7:30 PM on October 9, 2002; Friends, on channel 5 (KTLA/WB) at 11:00 PM on October 9, 2002; and 
The Drew Carey Show, on channel 11 (KTTV/Fox) at 9:00 PM on October 10, 2002.
	Information regarding the race, ethnicity, sex and gender, age, social class, statuses, and roles both expected of and performed by characters in these sitcoms will be presented and analyzed from a sociological perspective.  Much can be learned about a society by scrutinizing its cultural artifacts, literature, art, architecture, theater, or other forms of entertainment, and television sitcoms are no exception.  
Cultural assumptions, prejudices, stereotypes, and other preconceived expectations are often clearly depicted in popular media, and content analysis is a sociological method for extracting this information and analyzing it objectively.  In the following sections is a discussion of data and observations gathered using this method, including interpretations of their significance.  The data is also summarized in table format following the discussion.
II.	That ‘70s Show
Overview
	A group of Wisconsin teenagers comes of age in the 1970s, and they get involved in a variety of misadventures based on their own immaturity and poor choices.  The setting is meant to be loosely based on the 1970s, as opposed to an actual recreation of prevailing circumstances, and a variety of period-specific plot devices are employed for humorous effect.  The tone is light and somewhat low brow, and the content appears designed for a male adolescent or teenage audience.   
Observations
	Eric Forman, Jackie Berkhart, Michael Kelso (known as Kelso), Steve Hyde (known as Hyde), Donna Pinciotti, Kitty Forman, Red Forman, and Fez are the main characters of the show, with a supporting character named Leo also participating in the episode.  The parts are played by Topher Grace, Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher, Danny Masterson, Laura Prepon, Debra Jo Rupp, Kurtwood Smith, and Wilmer Valderrama, respectively, though the name of the actor playing Leo was not available.
	Eric is a white male teenager, American, and the son of Kitty and Red Forman.  He is middle-class, and is friends with Kelso, Hyde, Fez, and Leo.  American teenagers, especially boys, are expected to be irresponsible, ignorant, and immature, and to behave as lemmings when peer pressure moves them to do stupid things.  They are also considered to be culturally ignorant, as well as foolish risk-takers.  Eric conforms to these expectations to some extent, but also differs in certain aspects.  
	He and his friends go on a beer run to Canada despite Fez having lost his green card.  Their solution is to hide Fez under a blanket as they cross the border, but their ruse is inevitably discovered and the boys find themselves faced with interrogation by Canadian Mounties.  Clearly this entire debacle is a lapse in judgment for all of them, though Eric especially because they are using his father’s car.  
