However, he appears to understand the seriousness of the situation when they are caught, and urges his friends not to exacerbate matters.  Eric also demonstrates that he knows the Canadian national anthem.
	Jackie is a white female teenager, upper-middle class, American, aspires to be a model, and is a friend of Donna Pinciotti.  As the proverbial “girlie girl,” society would expect her to be stupid, capricious, either superficial or emotionally sensitive, and dependent on others.  While indeed capricious, superficial, and helpless, this character is far from being emotionally sensitive.  She routinely insults her best friend, Donna, and accuses her of jealousy without a second thought, all the while oblivious to Donna’s attempts to save her from her own stupidity. 
	Convinced of her own prospects as a model, Jackie visits a shady talent agent who insists on a large up-front cash payment for her services.  Donna, who has come along with Jackie, is suspicious, but her suspicions are dismissed.  Though eager to hand over the money, Jackie does not have it available and must wait for a few days to get it.  In this time she acts extremely hostile to her friend’s warnings, though is weakly appreciative when eventually proven wrong.  
	Kelso is a white teenage male, American, and of unknown social class.  He is friends with Eric, Hyde, and Fez, but seems to be regarded with mild contempt by Leo.  The same expectations as apply to Eric would also apply here, including ignorance, immaturity, vulnerability to peer pressure, and foolish risk-taking.  In fact, this character seems designed to exaggerate these qualities far beyond the realm of conceivable probability.
	Brief mention is made of an incident where Kelso, riding in a car in search of a house to victimize by lighting a bag of feces on fire on the doorstep, instead lights the bag while still in the car, and is forced to put it out by stepping on it.  He is regarded as a liability by his friends, though they continue to include him in their activities, and he always says exactly the wrong things.  While in Canadian Mountie custody, he does not appear remotely aware of the ramifications of what is happening to him.  He is completely ignorant, oblivious, and vacuous, with no redeeming qualities depicted.
	Hyde is a white teenage male, American, and a friend of Eric, Fez, Leo, and Kelso.  Just as with Eric and Kelso, the expectations are immaturity, ignorance, susceptibility to peer pressure, and risk-taking without proper forethought.  Immaturity certainly applies in this case, along with risky behavior, but the character appears far from the mindlessness of his friend Kelso.  He behaves like a “smart ass” to the Canadian Mounties, quick with sarcastic retorts to their every question.
	When asked why they had come to Canada, Hyde replies deadpan that he and his friends are an elite covert military unit sent to take over the country.  Hyde is a character on the “cool kid” mold: remote, aloof, and contemptuous of authority. 
