As such, he does fit some societal expectations for the white American teenage male. 
The character Donna is a tall, white, American female teenager of indeterminate social class, and is a friend of Jackie Berkhart.  Capriciousness, superficiality, emotional sensitivity, and dependency are some of society’s expectations for a female teenager.  Unlike her friend, Donna does not conform to any of these expectations other than sensitivity, which she demonstrates by tolerating Jackie’s foolishness.  She displays a remarkable persistence and fortitude in trying to dissuade her friend from folly, and is clearly independent enough to go about doing it by her own initiative and creativity. 
When she sees Jackie on the verge of being scammed out of her savings, Donna puts forth a Herculean effort to convince her that the talent agent is a fraud, and is not discouraged by her friend’s resentment and ridicule.  Finally, she proves her case by pretending to be interested in modeling, and shows Jackie that the agent responds with exactly the same overwrought enthusiasm for her as she had for Jackie.  Donna is depicted as a strong, intelligent, wise, practical, devoted, and competent person.  Very understated as well, which is unusual for this level of programming.
	Kitty Forman is a white, middle-aged, middle-class American woman, is married to Red Forman, and is the mother of Eric Forman.  Her primary occupation appears to be domestic, i.e. housewife.  Society would expect her to be either supportive or nagging toward her husband, somewhat simple, and perhaps vacuous.  While tolerant of her husband’s eccentricities, she is definitely not obsequious and does not shrink from mentioning it when he acts foolish.  
	Red brings home a VCR, which is supposedly a brand new technological development at the time, and insists that they not watch a show they had been planning to view so that he can record it and demonstrate the wonders of his new toy.  Kitty points out that they could watch it while the show is recording, but her husband says that watching the show as it broadcasts would negate the purpose of recording it.  She relents, and later discovers, after the show has already been played, that Red forgot to put a videotape in the VCR.  After this is revealed, Kitty makes her displeasure known through angry sarcasm.  The character is tolerant and practical, but somewhat conforms to expectations by seeming provincial.
	Red Forman is a white, middle-aged, middle-class American man, married to Kitty Forman, and father to Eric Forman.  As the “head of the household,” he is expected to be practical, rational, responsible, and astute in making decisions.  However, he displays remarkable inanity and illogic when he insists on not watching a television show just to record it and watch later.  He also gives the impression of boyish giddiness, and seems rather impulsive.
	Fez is a male South Asian (?) immigrant teenager of indeterminate class, and is a friend of Eric, Kelso, Hyde, and Leo.  Despite the word fez being Turkish, the character has a pronounced South Asian accent, so that is to be the assumption of his origin. 
