South Asians are typically viewed as hardworking, intelligent, serious, determined, and orderly.  They are often expected to be cab drivers or convenience store clerks, but also to be highly educated and involved in working toward a career in engineering or medicine.
	Fez gives no indication of interest in any field of science, and behaves more like an exaggerated racial stereotype from the 1950s, albeit of other groups than South Asians.  He is most reminiscent of some of the comically overreactive Mexican sidekicks found in old Westerns, who panic easily and are thought funny just for speaking colloquial American phrases with an accent.  This character shares these attributes, and seems slightly mindless.  When discovered by the Canadian Mounties, he pretends not to speak English, and instead mumbles in nonsense syllables that supposedly sound like South Asian language: “Eeebee deebee doobee.”  The entire sequence of events involving the Canada gambit is set in motion because he cannot find his green card, which he later remembers he hid in his shoe.  Fez is clearly not based on any South Asian stereotype, but may be a product of those based on other ethnic groups.
	Leo is an aging hippie, white male, probably American, middle-aged, and gives the impression of belonging to a lower social class.  He is a friend of Fez, Eric, and Hyde, but acts vaguely contemptuous of Kelso.  As an older hippie, he would be expected to be somewhat incoherent, spaced-out, immature, and perhaps show distinct signs of past hallucinogen use.  In this regard he fulfills expectations by saying strange things, acting stoned, and hanging around with teenagers less than half his apparent age.  When asked by the Canadian Mounties what he is doing in Canada, he responds by asking them the same question, though seemingly missing the irony of his retort.
Conclusions
	The most pronounced stereotype in this episode is the depiction of Fez as someone who has exaggerated reactions to everything, and entertains the audience by speaking colloquially with a foreign accent.  Jackie is also stereotypical as a shallow, selfish, vain teenage girl who is too caught up with herself to appreciate her friend’s attempts to help her.  Donna is perhaps cast as a polar negative of Jackie to counterpoint weakness and dependency with strength, selflessness, and resiliency. 
	All of the teenage boys are depicted as irresponsible, immature, and foolish risk-takers.  Kitty, the housewife, displays practicality but also indicates limited horizons, and behaves passively when confronted with her husband’s silly actions.  Red, Kitty’s husband, acts energetic and giddy while at times failing to be entirely rational.  Leo, the aging hippie and only apparently lower-class character, gives the impression that his circumstances are the result of past drug use.  
Women in general are depicted as passive and dependent, while men, though portrayed as foolish, are given greater agency over events.  Other than Leo, class is not depicted one way or the other.  Besides Fez, race and ethnicity are neutralized because all of the other characters are white. 
