Foreign accents, Canadian culture, unmitigated stupidity, sarcasm, and willing victimization are major sources of humor.
*Percentages are rounded to the nearest tenth.
Race / Ethnicity (Total):  88.9% White.  11.1% South Asian.  
Sex / Gender (Total): 33.3% Female.  66.7% Male.
Class (Total): 11.1% Upper Middle.  33.3% Middle.  11.1% Lower.  44.4% Unknown.
Age (Total): 66.7% Teenagers.  33.3% Middle-Aged.
Race / Ethnicity (Main): 87.5% White.  12.5% South Asian.
Sex / Gender (Main): 37.5% Female.  62.5% Male.
Class (Main): 12.5% Upper Middle.  37.5% Middle.  50% Unknown.
Age (Main): 75% Teenagers.  25% Middle-Aged.
Race / Ethnicity (Supporting): 100% White.
Sex / Gender (Supporting): 100% Male.
Class (Supporting): 100% Lower.  
Age (Supporting): 100% Middle-Aged.
III.	Seinfeld
Overview
	Four friends in Queens, New York in their mid-thirties or forties engage in ironic dialogue and become involved in odd situations.  The creators of the show intentionally sought to produce a hilarious, yet pointless, television program, and in that they have succeeded.  The tone is designed to convey an atmosphere of outlandish humor, which is probably intended for an audience in their thirties and forties.
Observations
	George Costanza, Elaine Benes, Kramer, and Jerry are the main characters, with Sister Roberta as a supporting character.  The parts are played by Jason Alexander, Julia Louis Dreyfus, Michael Richards, Jerry Seinfeld, and Molly Hagan, respectively.  
	George Costanza is a white-ethnic man in his late thirties or early forties, middle class, unemployed, unmarried, lives with his parents, and is friends with Kramer, Elaine, and Jerry.  His circumstances contrast sharply with what society expects of a man his age, which includes marriage, gainful employment, maturity in relationships, and the ability to live independently.  As a gambit to retain his girlfriend, George decides to convert to Latvian Orthodox Christianity to impress her parents, but underestimates the difficulty of being accepted into the church.  To deal with the difficulty, he cheats on his religious tests.  He projects insecurity and emotional desperation, which would be stereotypic of a middle-aged man essentially possessing no power over his life.
	Elaine Benes is a white-ethnic female in her late thirties or early forties, upper middle class, unmarried, and is friends with George, Kramer, and Jerry.  At this age society begins to suspect that a woman has some personal flaws interfering with her social life if she is not married or seriously involved, or that she is not terribly interested in men.  In fact, Elaine is involved in a relationship, albeit a shallow one, with a podiatrist whom she and Jerry spar over concerning whether podiatry qualifies him as a doctor.  She also projects intelligence and a sense of humor, though she appears less active in maintaining her relationship than her male friends are for their own.
	Kramer is a white-ethnic male of unknown social class in his forties, and is a bachelor.  He is also friends with Elaine, George, and Jerry, and becomes the object of desire for Sister Roberta.  Expectations are that Kramer would delight in attracting women, yet ironically he bemoans his “curse” of being irresistible to them, and seeks spiritual guidance from a Latvian Orthodox priest at Sister Roberta’s church to help control his “animal magnetism.”
