Though by far one of the strangest characters in network television, Kramer behaves maturely and is concerned when he hears that Sister Roberta plans to abandon her religious studies because of her attraction to him.
	Jerry is a white-ethnic male in his late thirties or early forties, upper middle-class, unmarried, and is a friend of George, Kramer, and Elaine.  One would expect, or at least hope, that relationships at this age would be more mature and developed, but Jerry behaves childishly by snooping in his girlfriend’s medicine cabinet and begins avoiding her when he discovers fungicide ointment.  He has several long conversations with Elaine, George, and Kramer regarding the fungicide and what it might indicate.  By placing his relationship on hold for such a trivial reason, Jerry is depicted as emotionally frivolous and self-centered.
	Sister Roberta is a white-ethnic female of indeterminate class in her late thirties or early forties, unmarried, and is a Latvian Orthodox Christian religious student.  As someone studying to enter the clergy, she would be expected to be highly spiritual and otherworldly, and to shun physical desires.  However, she is swept away by Kramer’s ironic charisma and begins to doubt her faith because of it.  She lets him know of her attraction by bringing him silly gifts and baubles.  This clearly portrays women as being helpless to their emotions, which in this case are controlled by a man.
Conclusions
	This program was particularly difficult to analyze because of its intentional lack of theme or purpose, but some patterns did emerge.  As an ethnically homogenous group of characters, very little of race or ethnicity can be concluded, and likewise social class.  However, some important distinctions regarding sex were apparent in the way the characters behaved in their personal relationships.  
	Women are seen as passive; events and emotions are things that happen to them, which they have only limited control over.  Men, on the other hand, are agents of change in their lives, and actively pursue their goals.  Though George is dumped by his girlfriend, he responds with extreme measures by converting to a different religion and even cheating on his religious tests to achieve it.  Kramer, by virtue of his “curse,” changes the emotions of women simply by meeting them, and even then is active in trying to undo the effects of this unique property.  
Jerry places himself as superior to his girlfriend by temporarily rejecting her for the most ridiculous of reasons, all while she continues to express interest in him.  Elaine, though an intelligent character, displays little initiative in her relationship, and Sister Roberta is merely the helpless victim of Kramer’s power over women.  Females are seen as the complacent landscape around which men act and shape events. 
Most of the humor is situational, and includes non-sequiturs, overreactions, or just strange juxtapositions.  It is a major point of humor when George attempts to concoct an explanation for why he wishes to convert to Latvian Orthodox Christianity when asked by the priest who runs the church, so the writers of the show clearly think this scenario unlikely.
