*Percentages are rounded to the nearest tenth.
Race / Ethnicity (Total): 100% White-Ethnic.
Sex / Gender (Total): 40% Female.  60% Male.
Class (Total): 40% Upper Middle.  20% Middle.  40% Unknown.
Age (Total): 80% Late 30s or Early 40s.  20% Early to Mid 40s.
Race / Ethnicity (Main): 100% White-Ethnic.
Sex / Gender (Main): 25% Female.  75% Male.
Class (Main): 50% Upper Middle.  25% Middle.  25% Unknown.
Age (Main): 75% Late 30s or Early 40s.  25% Early to Mid 40s.
Race / Ethnicity (Supporting): 100% White-Ethnic.
Sex / Gender (Supporting): 100% Female.
Class (Supporting): 100% Unknown.
Age (Supporting): 100% Late 30s or Early 40s.
IV.	Friends
Overview
	Six friends in their late twenties or early thirties living in an urban environment discuss their jobs, relationships, etc., and hang around making light of each other’s circumstances.  The city where the show takes place was indeterminable from the content of the episode, but it was very metropolitan, and the apparent hangout of the group is a coffeehouse.  The tone is light and sugarcoated, though with pretentious overtones of seriousness, and the intended audience is the 18-24 age group, with an emphasis on female sensibilities.
Observations
	Rachel Green, Monica Geller, Phoebe Buffay, Joey Tribbiani, Chandler Bing, and Ross Geller are the main characters of the show, with Ethan as a supporting character.  The parts are played by Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt Le Blanc, Matthew Perry, David Schwimmer, and Stan Kirsch, respectively.  
	Rachel Green is a white female waitress in her late twenties or early thirties, and is the friend of Monica, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler, and Ross.  As a waitress, we can assume that she is working class, though her lodgings are considerably larger than one would expect of someone working in the service industry.  Women are generally expected not to be sexually interested in male platonic friends, and this may be the case with Rachel, but she has recurring sexual dreams involving Joey and Chandler.  
	Monica Geller is a 26-year-old white female, and is the friend of Rachel, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler, and Ross.  The quality of living accommodations was incongruous in Rachel’s case, but as the only indicator of economic position for Monica we will assume that she is upper middle-class based on her large apartment.  It is considered strange for women to be sexually involved with men significantly younger than themselves, and somewhat looked-down upon.  Monica discovers that the man she is dating, Ethan, who originally claimed to be a 22-year-old college senior, is in fact a 17-year-old high school senior.  She also fulfills the expectation that women tell their female friends everything when she tells Rachel about Ethan, but does not want her male friends to know.
	Though originally shocked by the revelation, Monica’s reaction was far less extreme than one might expect of a man confronted by a similar situation with a female partner, thus reflecting the societal double-standard both for and against women who date younger men.  She frets, though only half-seriously, that what they have done together is a felony, and yet it is clear that she is not actually worried.  
