To a point, society actually encourages men to seek younger women, but harshly punishes adult males for statutory rape when they have sex with teenage girls.  Women, however, are viewed with disgust if they pursue relationships with much younger men, though they are less likely to be seen as criminal for having sex with teenage boys.  Those few women who have been convicted of statutory rape are the butt of jokes, and are not reviled to the extent of males similarly convicted.
	Phoebe Buffay is a white female in her late twenties or early thirties, blonde, and a friend of Rachel, Monica, Joey, Chandler, and Ross.  She is presumably working class due to her acceptance of  “pink-collar” temporary employment.  As a blonde woman, the common stereotype would be as an airheaded, oblivious, superficial, and easily used “bimbo.”  Phoebe does behave mindlessly, and displays remarkable incompetence when hired by Chandler to be his temporary secretary, but no depictions of sexual “easiness” are apparent.  She also demonstrates social insight by explaining to Chandler why his former peers give him the cold shoulder now that he has been promoted to supervise them, but is very insensitive in how she tells him.
	Joey Tribbiani is a white male in his late twenties or early thirties, of indeterminate social class, and is friends with Rachel, Monica, Phoebe, Chandler, and Ross.  Unlike women, society expects men to be sexually interested in their platonic female friends, and Joey displays his interest by acting eager to learn the details of Rachel’s sex dreams when told of his involvement in them.
	Ethan is a 17-year-old white male, a senior in high school, and Monica’s boyfriend.  His social class is unknown.  Though society expects teenage boys to desire sex with older women, they are not expected to succeed in achieving it.  Ethan does succeed in getting Monica into bed, and accomplishes this by lying about his age.  
	Chandler Bing is a white male in his late twenties or early thirties, and is friends with Rachel, Monica, Phoebe, Joey, and Ross.  He works in a supervisory white-collar office position, so we shall presume he is middle-class.  Society would assume that he maintains some level of professionalism in his work as a supervisor, but he hires his friend Phoebe, whose job skills are highly questionable, to be his temporary secretary.  Also a part of this expectation is that he would distance himself socially from his subordinates, which does occur despite his wishes otherwise.  As a man, he is expected to show sexual interest in female platonic friends, which he does by acting eager when told of his involvement in one of Rachel’s sex dreams.  However, he acts disturbed when told that his participation in the dream involved himself with Joey, as opposed to with Rachel herself.  This is also as expected.
	Ross Geller is a white male, upper (?) middle-class, in his late twenties or early thirties, and is friends with Rachel, Monica, Joey, Phoebe, and Chandler.
