He is a paleontologist, and his wife is imminently due to give birth.  As a man whose wife is due to give birth to his child at any moment, society might expect him to be attentive to his wife, but instead he is hanging around with his friends at a coffeehouse.  He does, however, say that she will page him if she goes into labor.  This paints a mildly unflattering portrait of male dereliction of family obligations, and reflects a majority female target audience.  Ross further compounds this perception by acting interested in Rachel’s sex dreams, and seems disappointed that he is not in them. 
Conclusions
	All of the characters are white, though they live in an urban environment where diversity is usually highly pronounced.  The two apartments depicted in the episode are extremely large relative to normal urban living standards, and incongruous with the likely incomes of the characters.  They all seem to have a great deal of time on their hands for some reason or another.  
	Monica’s relationship with Ethan reflects double standards regarding sex and age, and depicts her as a passive character by being the object pursued and deceived by Ethan.  Even after his deceit is revealed, Monica is wishy-washy about how to respond, and instead allows herself to be further influenced by him when he wants to continue the relationship.  She does not state any clear position on the matter, and does not seem offended at being used.
	Phoebe’s incompetence and airheaded personality are designed as a self-conscious stereotype of blonde women.  Another depiction relevant to sex and gender is the interaction between Rachel, Chandler, Joey, and Ross regarding Rachel’s sex dreams.  Rachel herself seems to consider the subject funny, but the men approach it more as a cryptic sexual invitation than a mere random trifle.  Men are thus seen as always on the lookout for an opportunity to have sex.  This follows the general pattern of depicting men as active and women as passive.
	In real life, these people would not be friends.  They have little in common, and have widely divergent personalities.  This program is riddled with unrealistic depictions of class, living conditions, and relationships among people under many circumstances.  Ethan’s revelation about his age is structured as a major point of humor, as is the eagerness of the men to hear the details of Rachel’s dreams.  Phoebe’s insensitive remarks to Chandler regarding his social life, and Ross’s making fun of Chandler’s style of speaking, are also thought humorous.  
*Percentages are rounded to the nearest tenth.
Race / Ethnicity (Total): 100% White.
Sex / Gender (Total): 42.9% Female.  57.1% Male.
Class (Total): 28.6% Upper Middle.  14.3% Middle.  28.6% Working Class.  
28.6% Unknown.
Age (Total): 71.4% Late 20s or Early 30s.  14.3% Twenty-six.  14.3% Seventeen.
Race / Ethnicity (Main): 100% White.
Sex / Gender (Main): 50% Female.  50% Male.
Class (Main): 33.3% Upper Middle.  16.7% Middle.  33.3% Working Class.  
16.6% Unknown.
Age (Main): 83.3% Late 20s or Early 30s.  16.7% Twenty-six.
Race / Ethnicity (Supporting): 100% White.
