Sex / Gender (Supporting): 100% Male.
Class (Supporting): 100% Unknown.
Age (Supporting): 100% Seventeen.
V.	The Drew Carey Show
Overview
	Drew Carey and his friends and coworkers go about their business in a city that appears to be Cincinnati, Ohio.  Usually the show is centered on workplace humor and, to a lesser extent, bachelor life, but this episode was apparently a “special” case where Drew is in a coma in the hospital after a traffic accident.  The humor is immature and low brow, and targeted toward men in the 18 to 24 age range or thereabouts.  
Observations
	Main characters of the show are Oswald Lee Harvey, Drew Carey, Nigel Wick, Mimi Bobeck, Steve Carey, Kate O’Brien, and Lewis Kiniski, with no supporting characters of any relevance in this particular episode.  The parts are played by Diedrich Bader, Drew Carey, Craig Ferguson, Kathy Kinney, John Carrol Lynch, Christa Miller, and Ryan Stiles, respectively. 
	Oswald Lee Harvey is a white male of unknown social class in his late twenties or early thirties, and is a friend of Drew, Kate, and Lewis.  He visits his comatose friend in the hospital along with Kate, Lewis, Steve, and Mimi, and society would expect him to have a somber, respectful attitude while there.  However, he behaves stupidly and clowns around by playing with heart defibrillation equipment, playing patty-cake with the shock paddles.  Despite this, Oswald does generally seem to care about his friend.
	Drew Carey is a white male coma patient, middle-class, in his early to middle thirties, and is friends with Oswald, Lewis, and Kate.  He is also Steve’s brother, Mimi’s adversary and brother-in-law, and Nigel Wick’s “pretend gay husband.”  As a coma patient, society (and medical science) first and foremost would expect Drew to be unconscious, which he is not, but instead living in a fantasy world within his mind.  The composition of this imaginary existence reflects society’s expectation that male fantasies are dominated by sex, since a primary element of his internal universe is a room full of scantily clad women.  Another expectation is that heterosexual men are strictly so, but it is implied that Drew, free of inhibitions within his mental realm, is sexually attracted to George Clooney.
	Nigel Wick is a white British male in his late thirties or early forties, middle to upper middle-class, and is the “pretend gay wife” of Drew Carey.  The nature of this ersatz relationship is not elucidated in the course of this episode.  Englishmen are expected to be proper, mannerly, and droll.  While not paying any particular attention to etiquette, he does project a dryly humorous persona and brings flowers for his “pretend gay husband.”  It is possible that the entire plot element was influenced by stereotypes of Englishmen as prone to homosexuality, but that might be reading too much into it.
	Mimi Bobeck is a white middle-class female in her thirties, married to Steve Carey, and is an antagonist of Drew Carey.  She is also extremely overweight, which does seem to have been a factor in the portrayal of her personality. 
