Somber attitudes, respectful behavior, and emotional sensitivity are expected of someone visiting their spouse’s comatose relatives.  When visiting Drew, Mimi is vaguely respectful, but her antagonism and caustic personality shine through in vindictive remarks directed at him.  Obese women are often depicted either as extremely sensitive, caring matron figures, or vicious, soul-crushing harpies.
	Steve Carey is a white male of unknown social class in his early forties, married to Mimi Bobeck, and brother of Drew Carey.  The character does not actually do very much worth mentioning in this episode, but he does fulfill expectations about behavior in response to a relative being gravely injured.  He displays a solemn composure throughout, and seems genuinely saddened by his brother’s condition while those around him make light of the situation.  
	Kate O’Brien is a white female of unknown social class in her thirties, and is friends with Drew Carey, whom she occasionally dates.  Solemnity is expected, and she behaves respectfully, though somewhat casually.  
	Lewis Kiniski is a white male of unknown social class in his late thirties or early forties, and is a friend of Drew Carey.  Just as with everyone else, he would be expected to show concern for his comatose friend and act maturely when visiting him in the hospital.  Instead, he clowns around with Oswald and does silly things, though still seeming to care in general.  
Conclusions
	False homosexuality, male fantasies, obtuse insensitivity in a traditionally solemn setting, and harebrained attempts to wake Drew from his coma are among the few identifiable themes of humor.  Analyzing this episode is difficult because it seems entirely superfluous.  
	Class and race distinctions are neutralized because the former is largely indeterminate and the latter homogenous.  Though in their thirties, the characters behave more like teenagers.  Kate and Mimi reflect a contrast between a perfunctory, supportive female nonentity, and a woman projecting thinly veiled malevolence.  Mimi’s appearance may have contributed to her depiction as a hostile character, which indicates a male target audience.
	The landscape of Drew’s imagination is quite typical of society’s expectations, involving multiple women in skimpy clothing, sports history, and plenty of beer.  Lewis and Oswald also represent exaggerations of bachelor immaturity.  These depictions are more indicative of male perceptions of their own tendencies than those commonly portrayed by shows with a female audience.
*Percentages are rounded to the nearest tenth.
Race / Ethnicity (Total / Main): 85.7% White / American.  14.3% White / British.
Sex / Gender (Total / Main): 28.6% Female.  71.4% Male.
Class (Total / Main): 14.3% Middle to Upper Middle.  28.6% Middle.  57.1% Unknown.
Age (Total / Main): 14.3% Late 20s or Early 30s.  42.9% Thirties.  28.6% Late 30s or Early 40s.  14.3% Early 40s.  
**No relevant supporting characters participated in the episode.
VI.	Conclusion
Overall Depictions of Race / Ethnicity
	The only non-white character present in any of the four sitcoms was a male South Asian immigrant teenager, and his behavior was a throwback to Mexican sidekicks used for comic relief in 1950s Westerns.  Overreaction, unwarranted panic, and exaggerated emotions are depicted.  Slang and colloquialisms are considered the height of hilarity when spoken with a foreign accent. 
