Rachel Green in “Friends” is a waitress, yet lives in a spacious apartment and seems to have plenty of time on her hands.  These and many other details produce an unrealistic depiction of class and living conditions in America.  
	Dwellings are universally large, even in downtown urban settings where housing is prohibitively expensive.  Phoebe Buffay in “Friends” offers her services as a temporary secretary to her friend Chandler without even inquiring about wages, and therefore also shows that she has an unusual amount of free time to dispense with.  The amount of time monopolized by work is downplayed, and none of the characters except George Costanza are unsatisfied with their station in life.
	Everything is clean, unblemished, and relatively new.  Adult characters tend to dress well, even in casual situations.   Where applicable, all characters embrace middle and upper class culture and attitudes, regardless of their actual disposition.  Nobody smokes cigarettes or marijuana, and no alcoholic beverages harder than beer are ever mentioned.  As far as could be seen, nobody has a criminal record, a tattoo, or a history of drug addiction.  
	No wealthy people are depicted, but there are many privileges enjoyed by the characters that do not accurately reflect economic circumstances.  Lower and working class lifestyles are completely rejected.  Unfortunately, many characters gave no reliable indications of specific social class.  However, it does appear that genuinely lower or working-class characters are often marginalized.
*Percentages are rounded to the nearest tenth.
Overall Class (Total): 21.4% Upper Middle.  25% Middle.  7.1% Working Class.  
3.6% Lower.  42.9% Unknown.
Overall Class (Main): 24% Upper Middle.  28% Middle.  8% Working Class.  
40% Unknown.
Overall Class (Supporting): 33.3% Lower.  66.7% Unknown.
Overall Depictions of Age
	Surprisingly, the age of the characters does not appear to correspond to very many differences in the way they are depicted.  There are little if any distinctions between immature behavior on the part of men in their thirties or that of teenage boys.  The style of humor is more or less advanced depending on the target audience, and character ages are only reflective of that.  However, women’s portrayals do grow in intelligence with increasing age.  
	Older characters are less honest with each other about their feelings and intentions, and many plots involve one character trying to covertly resolve issues without informing the person they regard.  Jerry in “Seinfeld” does this when he consults his friends about the fungicide in his girlfriend’s medicine cabinet, but instead of finding some way to ask her about it he simply begins avoiding her.  The teenagers in 
“That ‘70s Show” are far more open, and oftentimes speak without adequate forethought.  
	The characters in “The Drew Carey Show” illustrate the pressures of transition from young bachelor life to responsible adulthood and pre-middle age.  Drew’s retreat into adolescent fantasy reflects this.  	Most sitcoms cater almost exclusively to younger viewers (18 - 24), and so characters are typically going to act in ways that would be considered entertaining by the target audience.  “Seinfeld” is the single exception of the four sitcoms studied. 
