Notably, there were no significant elderly characters or children.
*Percentages are rounded to the nearest tenth. 
Overall Age (Total): 21.4% Late Teens.  25% Late 20s or Early 30s.  10.7% Thirties.  21.4% Late 30s or Early 40s.  7.1% Forties.  10.7% Middle Aged.
Overall Age (Main): 20% Late Teens.  28% Late 20s or Early 30s.  12% Thirties.  
20% Late 30s or Early 40s.  8% Forties.  8% Middle Aged.
Overall Age (Supporting): 33.3% Seventeen.  33.3% Late 30s or Early 40s.  
33.3% Middle Aged.
Final Conclusions
	Television sitcoms project a vision of life that is often far from reality.  Characters are reduced to stereotypes, cardboard caricatures, or devices for fulfilling a plot function.  Demographics are grossly distorted from their actual representation in the populace, and most real-life problems are glossed over to focus on those best suited to humor.  Scripts and show structure are almost entirely market-driven, which is why they focus heavily on the 18 – 24 age range.
	Were a Martian, lacking any more substantive sources of information, to view these four programs, they would derive the following conclusions:
1.	Almost all humans are white, with a rare few possessing light brown skin.
2.	Work is a hobby to be attempted at one’s leisure.
3.	Living space is abundant, especially in large cities.
4.	Females are passive, indecisive, and easily influenced by men.
5.	The pursuit of sex is the ultimate fulfillment of masculine identity.
6.	Humans are born as teenagers and die before getting much beyond middle age.
7.	Fat women are mean-spirited.
8.	Most humans are men.
9.	Most humans are in their twenties or thirties.
10.	 There is no such thing as poverty.
11.	 Class is a purely economic status, and has no effect on people’s behavior. 
12.	 Everyone has an approximate average of five close friends.
After watching these programs, and then discovering for itself the distance between what they depict and reality, the Martian would also conclude that we are delusional and obsessed with denying how we live.  
  The Darwinian Model of Evolution
	Before the introduction of the concept of evolution through natural selection by 
Charles Darwin, humanity was left with only mysticism and religious chicanery to 
explain human origins and that of other species.  The remainder of allegedly “scientific” 
explanations were largely speculative and unsupported by the facts, such as Lamarck’s 
“inheritance of acquired characteristics”.  Darwinian natural selection was the first 
workable theory, and is still the accepted model to this day.
	Many people are under the unfortunate misapprehension that evolution constitutes 
an ongoing process of advancement or complexification.  This isn’t necessarily the case.  
Evolution is the adaptation of species to their environment, and whether or not the 
adaptation causes the organism to become more advanced or complex is irrelevant.  
Many of the simplist organisms in existence are adaptively superior to humans, the most 
complex.  After all, following a nuclear conflagration, which would be more likely to 
survive?
	And how does this process of adaptation function?  Through the mechanisms of 

natural selection.  A trait comes into existence through individual variation or random 
genetic mutation, and it is either helpful to the organism (adaptive) or not (maladaptive). 
