A trait that is adaptive will obviously make the organism’s life easier, and will probably 
allow it to survive longer and engage in prolific reproduction.  Such an organism’s 
offspring will also find life easier than their contemporaries, and will thus find similar 
advantages as found by their progenitor.  Pretty soon the species will come to be 
dominated by that adaptive characteristic.
	A maladaptive trait, on the other hand, will make life difficult or at the very least 
annoying, and the unfortunate recipient of it will either die before having the chance to 
reproduce in significant quantities or will be considered an unpleasant and undesirable 
mate by the opposite gender of the species.  Either way, the maladaptation is weeded out 
of the gene pool.  A notable exception to this would be if the harmful trait were of a 
genetic variety that it only appears in the phenotype with monozygous representation.  In 
that case, individuals could be un-affected carriers of the gene and not be adaptively 
burdened with its negative effects.
	Individual genetic variation as a factor in natural selection probably accounts for 
the majority of anatomical adaptations, as they involve very simple, superficial changes 
and would be more conducive to the mild variability common within a species.  I suspect 
most physiological adaptations are the result of mutation, as they are highly complex and 
would involve massive internal structural changes that are unlikely to occur within the 
small range of individual variation.  Behavioral adaptations could easily be either, as they 
range from simple reflexes to complex social interactions.
	To illustrate the concept of evolution through natural selection, take for instance 
the stripes on a tiger, an anatomical adaptation.  Imagine at some point in the far past 
tigers had solid-colored fur, like lions.  In the heavily wooded environment where tigers 
hunt, this would be rather unfortunate since their silhouette would be evident through the 
trees even at great distance.  Prey would have no trouble spotting their stalkers long 
before the tigers were within range.  
Now suppose some tiger was born whose fur was slightly darker in certain 
patches than on the rest of his body.  In certain situations, this made him harder to spot 
through the trees because it irregularized parts of his fur.  This tiger would’ve ended up 
with more food than his solid-colored bretheren.  He therefore would have been stronger 
and more capable of defending his territory against challenges.  As such, he would also 
have been more attractive to females.  Once this tiger’s offspring grew of age, they would 
find themselves the beneficiaries of the same advantages their father had and soon these 
dark patches would come to dominate the tiger world.
But then another instance of genetic variation causes one tiger’s dark patches to 
be somewhat elongated instead of just irregular in shape.  Now that all tigers have dark 
patches, competition is again fierce, but somehow this tiger with elongated dark patches 
never has any trouble catching food.  Being well-fed, he’s stronger than the others and 
better able to defend himself.  
