Suddenly the cycle repeats, and our fortunate tiger finds 
himself the proud father of numerous cubs.  They change the face of tigerdom yet again.
And then another individual variation comes along for a tiger whose elongated 
patches are so elongated they’d be better described as stripes.  This fur pattern blends into 
the vertical shoots of the trees and the tiger is almost invisible to his prey.  Needless to 
say, this tiger’s offspring go on to become the tigers of today.    
Adaptations themselves can be classified into three categories:  Anatomical, 
Physiological, and Behavioral.  The first involves simple features of an organism such as 
hair, skeletal shape, size, et cetera.  Physiological adaptations are more complex and 
therefore less common.  Examples include photosynthesis versus ingestion of other 
organisms, and gill-breathing versus lung-breathing.  
The behavioral variety of adaptation includes a wide range of characteristics, 
essentially everything that an organism does with the outside world.  Even those traits 
passed down through cultural transmission are behavioral adaptations, because they came 
into being as a direct result of the necessity to fulfill some human need.  Though that type 
of behavioral adaptation isn’t encoded in the human genome, the ability to create it does.
It is behavioral adaptations that psychology concerns itself with, as would 
logically be the case given the subject matter of its field.  All adaptations, including 
behavioral, come about as the result of their ability to assist organisms in fulfilling their 
needs, and psychology in large part seeks to understand the processes by which behaviors 
do this so that people may be better able to behave in ways that are more beneficial to 
their and others’ well-being.
	In summation, psychology has a great deal to gain by studying the evolutionary 
origins of human behavior.  Understanding the processes by which something came into 
being can be quite informative about how it functions today, and what we can do to guide 
the progress of future human adaptation.
The Hundred Years War
	Ever since the ascent of William the Conqueror to the English throne in 1066, rulers of England had claimed lands within the continental territory of France.  Various parts of northwestern France would be traded between the two kingdoms over the long course of their relationship in the High Middle Ages, but the duchy of Aquitaine has special significance in illuminating the causes of the Hundred Years War (Allmand 8-12).
	In 1200, King John of England had been forced to give homage to Philip Augustus of France in order to take possession of French lands included in his inheritance.  Philip increased the power of the French monarchy a few years later when he conquered Anjou and Normandy, which John unsuccessfully attempted to retake ten years afterward.  John’s successor, Henry III, abandoned all claims to Normandy, Maine, Anjou, Touraine, and Poitou in exchange for being recognized as duke of Aquitaine and a vassal of king Louis IX (Allmand 8).
	As both king of England and a vassal of the French king in Aquitaine, the authority of the English monarchy over their continental lands became a matter of some complexity. 
