These issues became especially apparent in 1294 when Philip IV confiscated Aquitaine from Edward I, which was ostensibly for failing to answer a summons, but also involved several other points of contention.  In the same year, Edward intervened on behalf of a Flemish count in a dispute with Philip, and the English were soon embroiled in a war to protect their interests in Flanders.  Effective peace did not reemerge until 1303, when Aquitaine was returned to the English (Allmand 8-9).
	The people of Aquitaine were divided on the question of English versus French authority, and pro-English factions, fearing French encroachments, aired their views by burning down a French military fortification at Saint-Sardos in 1323.  Though Aquitaine was briefly confiscated in retaliation for the attack, Prince Edward, later to become Edward III, paid homage and made amends for the return of the duchy in 1325 (Allmand 10).
	At this point the importance of Aquitaine and feudal relationships can clearly be seen, but there were also economic and maritime issues involving Flanders.  English wool was shipped across the Channel to Flanders to be made into cloth, which was then imported back to England and sold.  The importance of this trade relationship cannot be underestimated, as wool was the dominant export of England at the time.  Due to its economic importance to England, French kings knew that Flanders could be used as leverage, and so sought to control it for their own purposes.  Secondly, Flanders held a strategic maritime position relative to England, and a naval invasion from France could easily be launched from there.  It also represented a bottleneck in the English Channel, and divided authority over the two sides of this bottleneck would put control of the Channel in jeopardy (Nelson).
	That would explain Edward I’s interference in the dispute between a Flemish count and his king, as well as English fears about a powerful, expansionist French monarchy.  Aquitaine and Flanders can thus be seen as critical to understanding the war to come.  Other sources also point to French interference in Scotland as a contributing cause.  Clifford J. Rogers contends in an article for English History Review: “Modern historians […] attribute the outbreak of the Hundred Years War […] to French […] interference in the government of English Gascony, […] but here we have a contemporary pointing […] to Scottish affairs as the root of the conflict” (Rogers).
	A new crisis erupted in 1328 when Charles IV, king of France, died leaving no male heirs to succeed him.  The English king, Edward III, was a nephew of Charles IV through his mother, Isabella, and therefore the closest living relative to the late French monarch.  Rather than see an Englishman become king of France, the French nobility instead chose Philip of Valois.  Though Edward originally accepted this decision, and several years of peace ensued, Philip decided in 1337 to confiscate Aquitaine for what he perceived as English disobedience.  In this act lies the beginning of the Hundred Years War (Allmand 10).
	In response to the confiscation of Aquitaine, Edward renewed his claim on the French throne in 1340 and began preparing for war.  
