Victory went to the English at their first armed encounter of the conflict, which was a naval battle near Sluys, and the more numerous French ships were soundly annihilated.  This secured the English Channel for quite some time to come, and denied the French the ability to invade England.  Through this action, the English guaranteed that the war would be fought almost exclusively on the European continent, and not on English soil (Allmand 13).  
The initial English strategy was to seek alliances, and this they did by bribing powerful nobles in the Low Countries and gaining the support of the emperor, Lewis IV (Allmand 13).  Unfortunately, Edward soon discovered that his supposed allies were unreliable, and their demands for payment became excessive.  He soon abandoned the strategy of alliance, and focused on using English resources to fight the French (Hollister 231).
When the duke of Brittany died in 1341 a disputed succession offered yet another opportunity for conflict.  One claimant to the title sought the intervention of England, while the other went to the French monarchy for assistance.  Edward did intervene, and won significant Breton territories for the English and their ducal candidate.  Brittany was to remain a battlefield in the Hundred Years War for another twenty years (Allmand 14).
In 1346 Edward landed in Normandy with a large invasion force, and proceeded mostly unopposed due to Norman sympathy for the English.  They took Caen, swept to within a few miles of Paris, and then began moving back toward the Channel.  However, before they could get there, the English armies were intercepted by a massive French force at Crécy-en-Ponthieu, and then ensued the largest battle yet fought in the war (Allmand 14-15).  Jean Froissart recounts the carnage of the battle:
	   	     Then the English archers stept forth one pace and let fly their arrows so wholly 
                        [together] and so thick, that it seemed snow. When the Genoways felt the arrows          
                        piercing through heads arms and breasts, many of them cast down their crossbows 
                        and did cut their strings and returned discomfited. When the French king saw 
                        them fly away, he said: “Slay these rascals, for they shall let and trouble us 
                        without reason.” 
                             Then ye should have seen the men at arms dash in among them 
                        and killed a great number of them: and ever still the Englishmen shot whereas 
                        they saw thickest press; the sharp arrows ran into the men of arms and into their 
                        horses, an many fell, horse and men, among the Genoways, and when they were 
                        down, they could not relieve again, the press was so thick that [one] overthrew 
                        another.  (Halsall)
	As the account portrays, the French armored cavalry were no match for the arrows of the English longbowmen.  The battle was an unqualified success for the English, and was soon followed by the taking of Calais in 1347.  French misfortune was compounded when the king of Navarre, who also claimed the French throne, began causing trouble in Normandy and agitating against the Valois monarchy (Allmand 16-17).
