	English armies rampaged throughout France, ravaging the countryside and looting whatever they could.  Though wary of meeting the English in another large-scale battle, the French king knew that his authority was becoming more destabilized every moment he allowed the plunder to continue.  The two armies converged at Poitiers, and yet again the French were annihilated by English bowmanship.  King John II of France was captured, and held for ransom until the French agreed in 1360 to pay 3,000,000 gold crowns for his release.  Other parts of the agreement included territories ceded to the English, but many of the terms became watered down, and whatever understanding was originally reached soon became meaningless 
(Allmand 18-19).
	Despite these early victories, and the calming of tensions for the better part of a decade, unemployed English soldiers remained on French soil in force and were a constant headache for everyone involved.  When a dispute arose in Castile over royal succession in 1367, the parties again appealed for help from opposite sides, and the English armies of Aquitaine soon found themselves facing the French on Spanish soil.  Very little if anything was accomplished, and the English returned back to Aquitaine in even deeper debt than before.  As time progressed, the debt incurred from the continental campaigns would begin to weigh heavily on the English 
(Allmand 20-22).
	Ten years later, the English king died within a year of his eldest son, the renowned  ÒBlack Prince,Ó and left the kingdom to his ten-year-old grandson, Richard II.  Having acquired a Castilian naval fleet as a result of their involvement in the aforementioned succession dispute, the French had been harassing English ships and coastal towns.  The 1370s and 1380s were characterized by increasing English exhaustion, and the French armies began to chip away at their continental territories.   However, peace was pursued in the 1390s, and a treaty signed giving the English most of Aquitaine in return for agreeing to abandon several other claims, including the French throne.  A truce of twenty-eight years was agreed upon, and Richard II married Isabella, daughter of the French king (Allmand 25-26).
	Unfortunately, Richard II was deposed and murdered by Henry IV three years after the treaty had been signed.  Henry, though not terribly interested in pursuing the French crown, did interfere extensively in northern France.  His son, Henry V, would be far more aggressive as king, and would renew Edward IIIÕs demands for the French throne.  Despite substantially reducing his demands, the French remained obstinate, and so Henry invaded Normandy in 1415.  Victories at Harfleur and Agincourt followed, with the latter accomplished at such long odds that many ascribed divine providence to them (Allmand 27).
	Caen, Cherbourg, Rouen, and Falaise all fell to the English by 1419.  Henry V cemented his victories by signing the treaty of Troyes in 1420 with Burgundian opponents of the French dauphin, which ensured his ascension to the French throne when the remaining king, who was old and invalid, passed away.  However, Henry V died in 1422 while besieging Meaux, and his heir was only a year old. 
