Older relatives of Henry VI and other English nobles continued the war, and eventually controlled vast swaths of France.  However, the tides turned when the English siege of Orleans failed, and a long string of French victories followed in the decades afterward.  The French achieved final victory in 1453 when they destroyed the remnants of an English army defending Bordeaux, and in the process regained Aquitaine (Allmand 31-36).          

Major Events of the Peloponnesian War
In the late fifth century BCE, the rival Greek states of Athens and Sparta coexisted in an uneasy peace in the midst of a thirty-year mutual treaty, though some among the Spartan alliance resented the growth of Athenian power.  Sparta, great military machine that it was, feared the overwhelming naval force of their counterparts in Athens, and felt their own advantages slipping away.  In this they were not alone.   
On the side of Sparta were several powerful states in the Peloponnese and Boeotia, including Corinth and Thebes, and many smaller satellite cities throughout both regions.  Members of the Spartan alliance were characteristically governed by oligarchy, which the leaders of Sparta trusted to be more in line with their interests than the democratic institutions of their enemies.  Athens would later come to exploit this fact to their advantage, though the tactic was not as successful as one might imagine.  
The Athenian allies were concentrated in the regions of Attica and the Cycladic islands, as well as along the eastern Aegean coast.  Unlike those of their adversaries, the allies of Athens were in fact subjects of her empire, and in some cases by no choice of their own.  Democracy was encouraged among the subject cities for the purposes of internal administration, but all were bound by the decisions of the Athenian Assembly in which they could not participate.  Resentment bred by this state of affairs would eventually be exploited by the Spartans to devastating effect.
Typical of so many conflicts, that which came to be known as the Peloponnesian War began as a result of events whose individual significance is negligible.  In this case, the expulsion of the nobility from the Illyrian city of Epidamnus led the wealthy exiles to return in force against their adversaries and threaten to overrun the town. 
To prevent the nobles from succeeding, representatives of the Epidamnian commons entreated their founders in Corcyra to intervene on behalf of Epidamnus against the exiles.  This Corcyra refused, forcing the Epidamnians to instead seek help from Corinth, the forebear of Corcyra and powerful member of the Spartan alliance.  Long fed up with the behavior of their colony, Corcyra, the Corinthians were eager to assist Epidamnus.
Upon hearing of their mother city’s intended involvement, Corcyra immediately dispatched a military force to besiege Epidamnus and restore the nobles, in which they were victorious.  Subsequent victories against the Corinthian fleet cemented their position, but the Corcyraeans became increasingly concerned about a naval buildup in Corinth, and so sought alliance with Athens to protect themselves.  Infuriating Corinth, the Athenians agreed to a defensive alliance with Corcyra.  
