The fleet dispatched by Athens to carry through on their agreement was instructed not to engage the Corinthians except under very specific circumstances, but as has occurred with many politically-motivated restrictions on battle tactics, these came to be discarded not long after the realities of combat ensued.  Such tactical circumlocutions were intended to avoid violating the thirty-year treaty then still in force, but this was an ultimately untenable position, and the treaty thereafter held only nominal existence.
These events, in addition to brushfire conflicts in Chalcidice involving Potidaea, set the stage for the war to come.  However, the exact point at which the war began is more appropriately demarcated when a party of Thebans laid siege to the city of Plataea, an Athenian subject.  With this aggression from Thebes, a party to the Spartan confederacy, the thirty-year treaty went from nominal to nonexistent.
Thus unhindered, the Spartans and their allies mustered a formidable army and invaded Attica, wreaking havoc across the countryside and overrunning cities on the periphery.  Despite intense public pressure to attack the invaders, the Athenian leader Pericles understood the wisdom of remaining safely within the walls of Athens and allowing the enemy to exhaust themselves.  Pericles also sought to expedite their enemies’ withdrawal from Attica by dispatching a fleet to ravage territory in the Peloponnese, which would be harder to defend with such a large force employed abroad in the invasion.  His strategy was vindicated when the invading confederates retreated back across the Megarin isthmus.
The Athenian fleet sent against the Peloponnese scored a multitude of victories, capturing small cities, coastal towns, and islands along the way.  This pattern whereby the Spartans invade Attica, answered by naval retaliation from the Athenians upon Peloponnese territory, would be repeated several times throughout the war.  Unfortunately for the Athenians, a devastating plague depopulated their forces in the second year of the conflict and seriously weakened their position for several years.
Seven years into the war, Athens scored a major victory by capturing the Messenian city of Pylos and the strategic island of Sphacteria off its coast.  They now had a defensible foothold in the region, and a serviceable harbor at Pylos with which to facilitate their naval armada.  
The Spartan alliance suffered numerous reversals at this point in the war, losing many peripheral cities and islands to Athenian marine invasions.
Three years later, the chief obstructionists on both sides of the war responsible for sabotaging peace efforts, Cleon and Brasidas, were killed in battle at Amphipolis.  As Athens had come to see its gains diminished since the spectacular successes at Pylos and Sphacteria, the mood for peace was on the rise and ably embodied in Nicias, an Athenian statesman and ardent advocate of dialogue between the combatants.  Sparta was itself receptive to peace, as they had earlier felt the proverbial knife at their throat and were loath to continue throwing the dice.  Thus the Athenian and Spartan alliances concluded a fifty-year peace treaty under the diplomacy of Nicias, and ceased hostilities for a time.
