Six or seven years after the arrangement of the treaty, Athens had largely recovered from its earlier losses to the plague and battle, and felt itself in a prime position to expand the Athenian empire by conquering Sicily.  Unfortunately for the Athenians forces, the vast majority of the Sicilian population was opposed to their presence on the island, and the expedition became a quagmire.  The Athenian military was annihilated.
The Spartans and their allies, appreciating the profound opportunity this disaster afforded them, induced one island subject after another to revolt from their Athenian masters, and invaded Attica yet again.  Its situation hopeless, Athens surrendered in 404 BCE.    

	Speech patterns that predominate in African-American communities are mutually intelligible with those of other English variants, and therefore “Ebonics” cannot be legitimately classified as a separate language.  In that respect, the Oakland school board’s resolution labeling it such is unsound, and should be retracted or modified.  Additional funding, which appears to have been the intent of the resolution, is unlikely to be appropriated for Ebonics under such dubious pretenses as are included in its current form.    
A more credible resolution would cite the considerable amount of evidence supporting Ebonics as a dialect of English, and not its own primary language.  While nearly every word is identical between them, there are nonetheless significant grammatical differences that have convinced many linguists to consider Ebonics a dialect.  According to the Linguistic Society of America, these variations are “systematic and rule-governed,” which suggests an origin more complex than could be accounted for by mere lack of education.  Thus there is some merit in distinguishing Ebonics from Standard English, but the similarities are far too extensive to sustain the school board’s resolution.  Most nouns, adjectives, verbs (with alternate tenses), and prepositions are identical, though arranged differently in some respects.  Despite these deviations, conversation between Ebonics and Standard speakers is essentially fluent.  What makes Ebonics a dialect is that its differences are the result of a consistent pattern. 
Oakland students may indeed require additional resources to adequately master Standard English, but labeling their speech a separate language is scientifically indefensible and undermines the credibility of the issue.  There are no federal funds for teaching “bidialectalism,” but the sort of overreaching embodied by the school board’s resolution has done nothing but hinder legitimate efforts to recognize the difficulties faced by many African-American students. 
My recommendation is that the school board modify its resolution to classify Ebonics as a dialect of English, and to request a Department of Education study of how teaching “bidialectalism” affects the acquisition of English skills.  If such a study is conducted and the results are positive, the Oakland school board should then campaign for federally funded programs to provide dialect education to their students.  I believe this approach will go much further in helping the students than attempting to label Ebonics something that it is obviously not.
