Drugs: How a Gettysburg High School Student Went From College Bound to Prison Bound
Drugs are a waste of time. They destroy your memory and your self-respect and everything that goes along with your self esteem.” – Kurt Cobain
“Just say no.”  This is the line most kids receive when asking someone about drugs.  In theory, it seems pretty simple to “just say no,” but the curiosity a lot of teens have about drugs can make it hard to simply say no.  This was the case with Liam, a local Gettysburg youth whose journey with drugs began when he was just 13 years old.  
The first drug Liam ever used was marijuana.  This is the case with most drug users, as it is one of the easiest to obtain.  He also began using painkillers prescribed to him for his migraines such as vicodin and percocet.  “When I took them they did not do anything for the migraine, but they made me feel really good.” He explained.  
Using drugs such as mild painkillers, and marijuana seems harmless enough, but the reality is that they often lead to addiction.  This begins by the user developing a tolerance for the drug.  They may say to themselves “it’s just this once” or “I can stop whenever I want, I’m just doing this for fun” but these are lies that are repeated by thousands of addicts everywhere.  Drugs such as marijuana are known as “gateway” drugs, meaning that once the initial high is over, the user must take more and more of the drug in order to feel the way they did when they first tried the drug.  This will eventually lead to tolerance or dependence, and they will then “graduate” to a more serious drug.
For Liam, the more serious drug was oxycotin.  He admitted, “It was stronger than I thought possible.  It blew my mind.  It was amazing.  I knew immediately that I wanted to do it again.”  Oxycotin is a prescription painkiller that is similar to morphine.  One of the reasons oxycotin stands out as more addictive than other drugs is because of the way it is used.  When a user snorts or injects oxycotin, they are getting much more of the drug at once then the manufacturer ever intended.  This intense high creates problems in the individual’s brain, which will in turn seek out more and more of this intense feeling caused by the large dosage.  
These prescription drugs are too often abused.  One in five teens will admit to taking prescription drugs without having a prescription.  About 64% of teens who have abused pain relievers say they got them from friends or relatives without their knowledge (National Institute on Drug Abuse).  Teens often use these drugs because they are easily accessible, and the consequences are less known than the more talked about drugs such as heroin, cocaine, hash, marijuana, etc.  However even celebrities such as Heath Ledger, Anna Nicole Smith, and Michael Jackson have demonstrated how easy it is to overdose on these prescription drugs.
