Liam admits that it is hard to point out when exactly he was addicted.  He first used oxycotin only on the weekends.  Then he started using it a couple times through the week.  Soon it became every day and the expense of the drugs led him to begin robbing houses to pay for his habit.  Liam says that the fun and excitement of getting high was nothing like the messages of how bad drugs are supposed to be according to parents and teachers, but he realized too late how addicting the progressive drugs can become.
What began as dabbling into marijuana and painkillers, turned into a life that revolved around finding drugs, using drugs, and needing drugs.  	
Why do most kids use drugs?  The top five reasons kids use drugs are curiosity, to feel good, to feel better, to do better, and to fit in.  Other factors include home and family life, friends, and school.  Some teens never receive all the information about drugs or even discuss them with their parents.  Research has shown that teens who openly discuss drugs and their effects are 42% less likely to use them, yet only a quarter of teens report having these conversations (National Institute on Drug Abuse).  They don’t realize that marijuana’s effects are mild, but most likely will lead to more harmful drugs such as cocaine and heroin, and the earlier they try these drugs the more likely they are to become addicts.
What precautions can you take to avoid drugs?  Make sure you talk to your parents, or any other trusted adult about drugs.  Don’t be afraid to ask questions.  It’s a lot better to find out the truth about drugs through discussion then through use. Also try to avoid the peer pressure to try drugs.  If you have friends who use drugs you should encourage them to seek help and avoid spending a lot of time with them.  Sadly, drugs have ruined too many lives and for Liam, drugs and their consequences are why he is currently serving five to twelve years in a Pennsylvania State Prison.  Liam is hoping the prison time has saved his life and helped him to get off of drugs for good, but only time will tell.
Why It’s Important To Be Above The Influence
	“I wish I wouldn’t have done that.”  Have you ever uttered this quote?  Well if you have, you are not alone.  Many people who look back on their life and decisions often utter these words.  There are most likely a vast number of decisions an individual wishes they would have made differently; a lot of times, these decisions involve alcohol.  
Drinking alcohol for anyone under the legal age is wrong; not only because it is illegal, but it can seriously affect your life in ways you probably never thought possible.  When you drink just one drink the alcohol begins to slow your reaction time, affect your vision, make you drowsy, reduce your coordination, and affect your judgment.  After 2 drinks you begin to lose the ability to make good decisions, pay attention, follow complex thoughts, and cope with difficult situations.  
