You begin to lose your natural inhibitions.  After just a few more, you lose the ability to focus your eyes, your speech becomes slurred, you lose coordination, and you may experience drastic mood swings.  You lose your judgment and may do things you wouldn’t even think of doing sober.  For example, an intoxicated person may become sexually aggressive or engage in unplanned sexual activity.  Eight or more drinks in a row (binge drinking) can cause areas of the brain that control breathing and heart rate to become dangerously hindered.  The brain and heart may stop working completely.  This is referred to as alcohol poisoning and it is fatal. 
With such serious side effects to alcohol, there are obvious repercussions to drinking underage.  The brain is still growing during adolescence, therefore, the effects of alcohol are intensified.   This can cause the teen drinker to engage in high risk behaviors.  If it becomes a habit, it can eventually cause problems in the drinker’s relationships.  Drinking also puts your future at risk.  Buying, trying to buy, or possessing alcohol is illegal.  Public intoxication and minor in possession charges could potentially be added to your record.  You can end up in jail, on probation, and with a police record.  This will affect your chances of getting a good job or getting into a decent college.  Teens also are at a higher risk of becoming addicted to alcohol. More than 40% of people who began drinking at age 15 eventually became alcoholics (National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism).  When you have incorporated drinking and partying into your lifestyle at a young age, it can be extremely difficult to shed this habit later on in life.
Not only does underage drinking affect the drinker, it also affects society.  Underage drinking costs the United States more than $58 billion every year - enough to buy every public school student a state-of-the-art computer.  The number one cause of death in teens is motor vehicle accidents, and the majority of these accidents are alcohol related.  Therefore, one teen’s seemingly innocent drink can affect another person’s life, and their family’s life. 
With such apparent consequences of underage drinking, why do teens still continue to partake in this behavior?  Among reasons cited by youth, 41% say they drink simply to have a good time. Nearly three in ten teens (28%) say they drink to get drunk, and two in ten teens (24%)  say to feel good about themselves (The Century Council, TRU, Omnibuzz).  Other reasons include peer pressure, and media influence.  When you surround yourself with friends who drink or attend a lot of events where alcohol is present, it can become more and more difficult to resist the pressure.  Teens may also drink if their parents drink.  In fact, 65% of youth surveyed said that they got the alcohol they drink from family and friends (National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism).  These friends and family members apparently do not realize that they are contributing to teen alcohol abuse and alcoholism.
