So how do you resist the pressure to drink?  First, don’t set yourself up.  Stay away from places you know alcohol will be served.  Also, stay away from people or friends who often drink alcohol.  Practice saying no, and using refusal skills in case you are ever in a situation where there is a lot of pressure to drink alcohol.  Finally, be confident and know that you don’t need alcohol to have a good time.  You don’t need alcohol to loosen up or change your personality, accept yourself for who you are and be proud that you don’t stoop to the use of alcohol to feel cool or accepted.  Don’t allow yourself to be another one of the thousands of people uttering “I wish I wouldn’t have done that.”
Study Finds Hyper-Texting and Networking Teens Engage in High Risk Behavior
The average teen sends 3,339 texts a month (Nielson and Co).  This boils down to approximately 119 text messages per day.  According to another study conducted by the Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine, this isn’t good news.  Their study shows that teens who are “hyper-texters” or “hyper-networkers,” are more likely to engage in high risk behavior.  
	The Case Western Reserve University study considers hyper-texters to be teenagers who text 120 times a day or more, and considers hyper-networkers to be teens who spend 3 or more hours a day on facebook, twitter, or any other social networking website.  The group of teens who fall into these categories are 3 and ½ times more likely to engage in high risk behaviors including sexual activity, drinking and binge drinking, and doing drugs.  While the authors are not suggesting that texting is the cause of this behavior, there is undoubtedly a correlation.  The authors believe that these teens are more vulnerable to peer pressure, and probably have parents who do not monitor their texting, and therefore do not monitor their other activities either.   The authors of the study also found that hyper-texting and hyper-networking were more common among girls and minorities.
	This study is certainly alarming, but there are still steps you can take to avoid the pressure.  Make sure to balance out the “real world” with the “cyber world.”  In other words, don’t make yourself vunerable to the high school drama, and pressure when you don’t have to be.  Texting and social networking sties can potentially allow the unpleasant drama of high school to carry out into every aspect of your life.  Set your own limits on texting and social networking even if your parents don’t already have set limits.  If your parents do have set limits, it’s important to follow them.  It’s important to stay connected to friends, but it’s even more important to have balance.  Perhaps join a sports time, engage in a new hobby, or spend quality time with family members.  It may not seem like it at the time, but you are actually investing in your resistance to peer pressure, confidence, self-esteem, and individuality. 
