Don’t be afraid to tell your friends you need to take a break from texting or social networking when you need it.
	This alarming new study by the Case Western Reserve University should serve as a reminder to all teens that it’s important to spend time away from the tension and emotionally driven world of high school.  While the study shouldn’t seem ominous or foreboding, it should remind everyone of the importance of practicing healthy habits.  Leave the cyber world and enter the real world.   
The Reflection in the Mirror 
“It is confidence in our bodies, minds, and spirits that allows us to keep looking for new adventures, new directions to go in, and new lessons to learn.” - Oprah 
As Lexi looked in the mirror, brutal thoughts of self criticism, and the fear of being fat terrorized her.  She thought back to the fight with her brother where he called her “fat.”  Headlines of her favorite magazines titled “Five Ways to Lose Weight,” “How to Look Perfect,” and, “How to Look This Sexy,” were burned in her brain; as well as the illusive figures of her favorite movie stars.  This is an experience common to many women taking a self-critical look in the mirror; but what's so disturbing in this case is that Lexi is nine years old. 
While this scenario is undoubtedly disturbing, it is not uncommon.  Research has shown that 80% of children ten years and older are afraid of becoming fat, and 42% of elementary school students desire to become thinner (Nikki Kate, Guide to Women's Issues).  While a lack of self esteem begins when a child reaches around the age of ten it follows an individual throughout their life. 
The question which many people are asking is “Where does this lack of self esteem come from?”  While there are many factors that contribute to this issue, the dominant influence is the media.  When you visit a website you probably notice the advertisements that appear on the side of the page.  Or perhaps you're watching a show on television and take notice to the commercials that interrupt the program.  Studies have shown that the Average American is exposed to approximately 5,000 advertising message a day (Kevin Graham - Shocking Female Body Image Statistics). Many of these advertisements feature models who exhibit unobtainable qualities.  Today's society has idealized the looks of superstars such as Megan Fox, Angelina Jolie, and various Victoria's Secret Models.  Various magazines often feature articles such as “The Top 100 Sexiest Women of 2009.”  Girls absorb all these messages on a daily basis, and experience the piercing pressure to conform to the “ideal look.”  Studies has shown that these images make women feel pressured, and 7 out of 10 women feel depressed and angry when they see advertisements featuring models with these “idealistic” qualities (Kevin Graham - Shocking Female Body Statistics).  What young women don't think about is that this look is extremely unrealistic, and even harmful to attain.  The constant failed attempts to achieve this look leaves girls feeling depressed, worthless, and most of all, ugly.  
