What the media does not convey to young women seeking self-worth in life, is that people come in all shapes and sizes.  Every individual has unique features and qualities that can be expressed in many different ways.  The idea that a woman can only be beautiful by achieving one specific look leaves girls trapped within unrealistic boundaries.  The first step to overcoming the intense pressure to conform and the various negative thoughts ringing throughout your head is finding inner-confidence.  Instead of trying to attain a look that you don't have, celebrate the unique body and features that make you the unique individual that you are.  Surround yourself with people that will respect, and admire your qualities, instead of people who share your interest in succumbing to the intense pressure society, and the media places on young women.  The saying “beauty comes from within” may seem like a cliché, but it is entirely true.  If you do not feel beautiful inside, then you will not feel beautiful outside.  Begin every day with a positive thought, and perhaps even write a list of all the qualities that are unique to you, and that you like about yourself.  Most importantly, ignore the negative influence of the media, peers who mindlessly conform, and the voices that criticize instead of praise. 
Next time you take a look in the mirror examine your thoughts.  Are they positive or negative?  Do they celebrate or criticize?  Do they build you up or tear you down?  If you like yourself for who you are right now you will find confidence.  Perhaps you will even inspire girls like Lexi who are searching for self-worth in a media-driven world. 
Words Hurt More Than Sticks and Stones 
Phoebe Prince was excited to start school in the United States after emigrating from Ireland last fall but tragically, this young woman ended her own life in January following months of insults, hurtful behaviors, and outright bullying from her peers.  While not every case of bullying ends as tragically, many teenagers are subject to this type of cruelty and often carry these emotional scars long into adulthood. 
Teen bullying raises many questions including: How can teens be so cruel?  What are the repercussions of this type of behavior?  Who are the victims?  And why doesn’t anyone confront this behavior?  To help answer these questions, a closer examination of the issue is necessary.  Teen bullying can range from verbal remarks to physical abuse, and is meant to harass, embarrass, or belittle the victim.  Studies have shown that girls tend to be more emotive and verbal while guys tend to act out aggressively (Researcher Clyde Robinson, Birmingham Young University).  Therefore girls and guys generally have different ways of bullying.  
Because girls are more emotive, they tend to bully verbally and emotionally.  This includes playing jokes or tricks designed to humiliate, deliberately excluding others, whispering in front of others to make them feel left out, encouraging others to alienate a specific person, spreading gossip and rumors, or sending anonymous texts, e-mail, or phone calls.  
