Come Saturday Morning.  That was the title of song I used to love - "Come Saturday morning, I'm going away with my friend."  We love road trips, and it's amazing we do because this is when the His People/My People dichotomy becomes especially sharp.  His people are always early.  My people are always late.
This disconnect begins at a very early age.  Bob said when he was a kid, he used to sit in the car and wait for the rest of his family to show up.  He'd have his games and his toys and his pillow or whatever it was that he carried all ready and he'd be in the car waiting for the trip to start before dawn.
My experience with starting a trip was different.  In many cases, the last words I would hear were, "If you don't get in this car right now, I'm leaving you."  That was an idle threat when I was young, but became less so as I got older. Sometimes they did indeed leave me.  And a couple of times, my dad drove around the block and came back for me, just to scare me into getting ready faster.
Of course, as you get older, these tactics work less effectively.  Eventually your attitude changes from, "Oh, no, please don't leave me," to, "Screw you, I didn't want to go anyway."
I think part of my propensity for lateness is due to a good quality.  I believe I am a perfectionist.  I want everything to be perfect before I go.  Part of that is my mother's fault.  She believed you should come home to a clean house.  She felt like if you came in tired and frazzled, the last thing you needed was to have to clean like a demon.  So, you cleaned before you left.
Bob doesn't understand this.  It takes him ten minutes to pack.  Me, I pack for days.  Now granted, I have certain supplies that must travel with me so I have to plan ahead a bit more.  But still.  Do I need four days worth of clothes for a two-day trip?  Well, maybe.  You never know when you'll be stranded in the middle of Destin, Florida for four days.
Of course, I still travel like I'm that seventeen year old putting her thumb out.  Worried that I'll be stuck somewhere.  The fact that I have credit cards, Triple A, a decent car and two children obligated to come get me wherever I am doesn't seem to lessen the nervousness.  I take less cash than I used to.  I do, after all, have an ATM card.
The house cleaning is a different story.  This is something I could easily get over.  I remember once my sister Valerie, my mother and I all went on a trip together, something the three of us had never done before.  We had such a good time.  We traveled all over the Sarasota-Bradenton area, we stayed at a nice hotel, we ate expensive meals.  
