And then, it was time for us all to go back to our mundane lives.  So, we cleaned up our hotel room.
I mean, we cleaned it.  We emptied the trash, we made the bed, we scrubbed the sink.  And then Valerie and I looked at each other.  And then we both turned simultaneously to my mother and said, "Mom!  Why are we cleaning this room?  The maid will clean it.  That's what she's paid for."  But we knew the reason.  Only low class sleazeballs and rock stars leave a hotel room a mess when they leave it.  So we spiffed it up before we left - an hour earlier than I wanted to.  Because my Mom was in control and my sister Valerie was driving.  Because they're His People!
Higher Ground
At least seven people were attacked by an abnormally aggressive squirrel in Central Park from Aug. 1 to Aug. 4. The squirrel attacked people on four consecutive days, persisting despite being smacked with a purse and shoes, pepper-sprayed by police, stomped and flung.
Orlando Sentinal, Christopher Sherman | Sentinel Staff Writer ?	My husband and I recently took a trip out to Yellowstone National Park.  The scenery was beautiful, and we were equally excited about the animals we would see, in particular, buffalo.  The first one we saw was dead – but we almost took a picture of it anyway.  After all, a buffalo is a buffalo, right?  The second one waited until we focused our expensive camera, looked us right in the eye, and sank to his knees in a lump.  Now, he no longer resembled a buffalo.  He resembled nothing so much as a big brown rock.  We were discouraged.  
	However, by the end of the trip, we were so jaded, we’d pass a herd of buffalo and say, “Ahh, just more buffalo.”  In spite of prominent signs that read, “Buffalo are dangerous,” and “Buffalo are aggressive,” many tourists walked right up to the herds with their cameras and started snapping away, seemingly oblivious to the fact that these animals had calves, weighed ten times as much as their human tormenters, and are historically known to stampede.  (Don’t these people watch westerns?)  
I think of this as the Disneyfication of animals.  I once worked in Central Florida at an environmental training center built over a pond.  The pond was created from recycled water and hosted a supply of fish, birds, turtles, and a very healthy five-foot alligator.  Environmental experts from out of state would routinely come to our offices for training and ask, “Can I touch the alligator?  He looks harmless.”  “Sure,” I’d answer, “and after you feed him, take a look at the headless turtle on the shore.  He thought the gator looked innocent, too.”  Cruel, I know, but necessary.  It would have been inappropriate for me to allow the participants in my environmental training classes to lose digits while under my care.
	During our trip out West, I read a USA Today article that confused me at first.  
