Apparently, authorities in Tennessee decided to discontinue the search for a black bear who had seriously injured a man in the woods.  It seemed irresponsible that they’d let a bear who hurt a human, who obviously was not afraid of men, just disappear into the forest.  Reading on, I discovered why the authorities decided to leave the bear alone even though she had quite clearly pummeled the man in question.  
This guy was in the process of taking pictures of the bear when – wait for it – his dog attacked the bear’s cub.  The bear, rightly sizing up the situation, ignored the dog and smacked the man in the face.  Well, I say, good for the bear!  Think about it.  Not only did this absolute idiot get close enough to the bear that she could swipe him across the face, but he let his innocent dog get close enough to her cub that the bear could have eaten the dog.  That bear ought to get a medal for discretion.  
	Now we read that a squirrel has gone crazy and attacked people in a park.  What I want to know is what did the people do to the squirrel?  The newspaper article reported that the squirrel was not rabid. What does it take to make a member of the animal kingdom go psychotic?  Did people feed the squirrel peanut shells instead of peanuts?  Were children allowed to chase this squirrel?  Did dogs bark at it routinely?  The way we treat wild creatures, it’s only a matter of time before they turn on us.
	There are signs that domestic animals are turning on us as well.  Yesterday, my husky got up on the couch in my husband’s place and refused to move.  I said, “Charlie, get off that couch,” and he stared at me defiantly.  I had to drag him off the couch by his collar.  He is almost as strong as I am and I suspect he works out when I’m not looking.  Is this a sign of things to come?  Have we lost control of our furry friends?  
	I remember reading about the horrendous destruction caused by the tsunamis in Sri Lanka and India in 2005.  Immediately after the disaster, animal relief workers planned a massive clean-up effort.  To their surprise, there were no bodies.  Other than domestic animals trapped in their pens, the entire animal kingdom had fled before the waves came.  According to National Geographic, just before the tsunami hit, dogs refused to go outside, zoo animals wouldn’t leave their shelters, and elephants headed uphill.  (http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2005/01/0104_050104_tsunami_animals.html) National Geographic says, “Along India's Cuddalore coast, where thousands of people perished, the Indo-Asian News service reported that buffaloes, goats, and dogs were found unharmed.”
	So let us change our careless ways.  Let us pay more attention to our animal friends.  (Okay, exceptions must be made. When your dog is trying to replace your husband, you must establish the upper hand.)  A few simple rules should suffice to allow us all to co-exist.  
