Don’t pet the alligators.  When buffalo stampede, get out of the way.  Do not piss off the squirrels.  And most important, when all the creatures around you head for higher ground, get your ass uphill.
Saying Goodbye to the Space Shuttle
                Soon here won’t be many more space shuttle launches.  It’s so hard to say goodbye to an institution, especially one that has brought such joy and amazement, and also such heartbreak.   When I was growing up, my family lived in Ft. Lauderdale, near what was then called Cape Canaveral, now Cape Bobnedy.  We regularly watched the Apollo program launches from our yard.  We met the astronauts in our schools.  We cried when the Apollo 1 fire happened in 1967.  One of the three astronauts who died in the fire, Virgil “Gus” Grissom, was my brother’s hero.
                Through the years, no matter where we moved, I always kept up with whatever was happening with the Space Program.  I followed their funding woes, stood outside for the lift-offs of more shuttles than I can remember.  One year when I was coordinating environmental training programs, I was sent to West Palm Beach for a series of classes.  I was so excited – that evening a shuttle was going to be launched, practically right outside my window. 
My hotel room had a tiny balcony, and even though I’m afraid of heights, I crawled out onto the balcony and sat on the cement floor, waiting to watch the launch from such an advantageous vantage point.  I waited.  The wind blew across the balcony, rattling the iron bars, causing my teeth to chatter.  It began to rain.  I sat in the rain and waited.  Eventually, it became clear to me that there wasn’t going to be a launch.  Reluctantly, I crawled back into my room and went to sleep.
                The next day, I was driving home on I95 when suddenly a spiral of fire lit up the sky.  I actually shrieked.  The shuttle was going up right in front of me.  Along with dozens of other pathetic, deadly gawkers, I went from traveling 80 miles an hour to 0 as I pulled off the side of the highway to jump out and stare at the beautiful soaring cylinder of flames.  A successful launch!
                The Space Shuttle Challenger was particularly special to me.  For one thing, I had recently started working at a facility called the Space Astronomy Laboratory, part of the University of Florida.  Never before had I been paid to watch a Space Shuttle lift-off.  My fellow employees were scientists, engineers, astronomers from all over the world.  They had experiments on the Challenger.  They were so excited about the launch, they were like little kids.  I was excited because a teacher was going to be on the flight, Christa McAuliffe, part of a program called the Teacher in Space Project.   I had taped a huge poster of the Challenger above my two-year-old son’s bed and happily discussed the upcoming launch with him regularly.  
