My daughter Julie had learned about Christa McAuliffe in school.
The Challenger launch was pushed back and pushed back due to bad weather, and we were all antsy, hoping it would go up soon.  On Jan. 27th, we waited expectantly for the Shuttle to go up, only to be told that it couldn’t because there were cross winds at the landing site.  Pushed back for another day. Finally on Jan. 28, 1986, we gathered expectantly around the television in the lobby that someone had brought in especially for this occasion.  I remember one of our professors commented on how cold it was, that it didn’t seem a good idea to launch when it was 31 degrees.  Very seldom does it get down to freezing in central Florida.  But the rest of us wanted to see that sucker fly, and we didn’t care how cold it was.  The engineers at the Bobnedy Space Center were obviously concerned, because they kept pushing the mission back and back and back.  Finally, at 11:38 a.m., the Shuttle was cleared to launch.  And there it went, rising perfectly into the sky. 
One of our scientists immediately noticed something was wrong.  I remember him stepping forward and pointing to the screen.  “What’s that on the right?” he asked.   And then suddenly there was an explosion, like the end of a fireworks display.  Fingers of white clouds drifted across the horizon and pieces of fiery debris circled around through the atmosphere like birds on an erratic flight path.  ?“Oh, my God,” someone said.  I stared at the scientists.  “What was that, what was that?” I asked, but they all looked shocked.    I remember someone screamed.  It might have been me.  “A major malfunction,” reported NASA. 
I like to think they died instantly.  But I’ve read up on the accident.  It is unlikely they died right away.  There were no ejector seats in the shuttle.
Immediately our phones started ringing off the hook.  The UF Astronomy department called.  They’d been watching via telescope.  Did we see what they saw?  Reporters called.  My husband, Bob,  called.  I cried on the phone and he comforted me.  I am not a cryer.
For the next few days, we watched the explosion over and over on television, night after night reliving the horrible events.  I talked to my daughter, Julie, about the teacher who had been killed.  Julie was upset and thought the shuttles shouldn’t fly anymore.  I explained to her that it was important for us to keep exploring our universe, that sometimes sacrifices had to be made for progress.  I tried not to think about whether the astronauts were alive when they hit the water.
We watched the memorial service President Reagan spoke at a few days later.  We watched the jets that flew over the accident site in the “missing man” formation.   I don’t know why I was so clueless about my son.  I don’t know how I couldn’t see what was happening with him.  He was two years old. 
