He was a baby.  He couldn’t possibly be following any of this.
Randy stopped sleeping.  Literally he just stopped.  He would be up all night, running around the house, playing with the cats, playing with his toys, strolling into our bedroom at all hours.  “Hello,” he’d say at 4 a.m.  “Randy, go back to bed,” I’d mutter.  My husband got up a few times and escorted him back to his room.  This went on for days.
Finally, one night, I picked him up at two in the morning and put him back in his bed.  “You’ve got to stop this,” I said.  “You’re wearing me out.  Go to sleep.”  I started out the door.
He looked at me and said,  “I was in the Space Shuttle.”
“What?”  I didn’t think I’d heard correctly.  HE WAS TWO.
“I was in the Space Shuttle,” he said, in the same lifeless voice, and then added, “And it blew up.”  He made a waving motion with his hands.  I froze.  What had I done?  Was I so obsessed with my own grief that I didn’t notice his?
 I went back to his bed and sat down.  Kid, you got my attention!  “So,” I said, “You were in the Space Shuttle?”
He nodded excitedly.  “And it blew up.”  He made that motion again, like someone inexperienced throwing a ball into the air with both hands.  Like someone who had watched the fingers of white hot gas blow across the sky on a television screen over and over and over.  You could have taBob my heart out of my chest and placed it on the night table beside him and I wouldn’t have felt worse.
“Let’s go for a ride,” I said.
“Okay.”  He was excited.  Finally, somebody was listening.
We passed my husband in the hallway.  “What the heck are you doing?” he asked.
“I’ll explain later.”
                I helped Randy into his coat and we went out into the cold night air.  I put him in his car seat, which I’d always described as his little space capsule.  Duh!  We drove around the deserted streets of our town for hours, talking about the Space Shuttle.  I told him we were all very sad about what had happened, but that it was not something that would ever happen again (ha!) and that we needed to go on.  “Will you watch the next shuttle go up with me?” I asked.
He looked dubious.  “But it blew up,” he said.
“I know but – ”
“I was in it,” he added.  In case I didn’t get the message.
There’s the rub, I thought.  He relates to this so much.  And it’s all my fault.  I considered this for a while as we drove around.  Usually putting my little insomniac into his space capsule and driving him around for half an hour was guaranteed way to put him to sleep.  But not this night.  He kept looking over at me with wide eyes, waiting for me to tell him something comforting.
