Finally I said, “Okay, Randy, how about this.  You were in the space shuttle and it blew up.”
He nodded like, okay, I got that part.
And then I added, “And then you escaped and you popped open your parachute and floated to the ground.”
He looked serious, thought about this for a while.  Then he tried it out.  “I was in the space shuttle and then I floated to the ground.”
“Right.  In your parachute.”
He nodded.  And smiled.  And finally slept at last.
To Blog or not to Blog
A couple of years ago, my husband, Bob, and I drove across the country to Yellowstone National Park to see the sights.  We stopped in at a gift shop made to log like an old log cabin.  Inside was a veritable plethora of Yellowstone trinkets, from stuffed birds who sang like the real ones to fake geysers that blew up when you added water.  One of the things that fascinated me was a series of beautiful rugs hand-made by the Shoshone Indians.  To prove, I assume, that these rugs were really hand-woven, there sat an old Indian woman demonstrating the process of weaving.
This elderly woman in full Indian regalia sat in the middle of the gift shop and wove a rug right before our eyes.  I loved the way she looked.  As I told Bob, she looked just like the paintings in our hotel room.  Then I noticed that she was pounding on the rug she was weaving.  I looked over at her.  She had her hand in front of her face, blocking my view of her profile.  She pounded the shuttle against the wood of the loom and when I looked at the loom she lowered her hand.  When I looked back at her face, she raised her hand again and smacked the loom sharply.  I realized that she was telling me, in a not so subtle way, to stop staring at her.  Gazing at the loom, I apologized profusely for my insensitivity and she just shrugged as if to say, “yeah, yeah, tourist!”
I have a blog.  I used to keep paper journals but they kept getting messed up by bad weather.  I would move from place to place and the old journals would end up packed in a box in a storage shed where the rain came in.  Or my kids would move back into my house and my journals would end up in the back bedroom by the window I thought was closed but turned out to be open during a hurricane.  Should you keep journals you can barely read?  Should you keep journals at all?  What if they’re full of nasty, mean-spirited comments about the people you love more than life itself?  Shouldn’t you burn them before you die?
I was very sick a few years back and it occurred to me that if I died, no one would know about some of the things that happened in my life. 
