They wouldn’t be able to read my journals, which now, waterlogged and ink stained, reposed at the bottom of a plastic bin.  They wouldn’t find me in photos – I had spent years putting my hand in front of my face while screaming, “Turn off that camera!”  My kids once told me they’d love to be on MTV’s Real World.  That is my version of hell, a camera following me around 24 hours a day!
And yet, there are those moments of quiet contemplation when I like to express myself.  And there are those moments of ideological rage when I like to express myself.  They may not necessarily be great art, but they are usually spontaneous and very much me, in the tradition of my family – a family of women who eagerly expressed themselves eagerly and forcefully, even when it was not entirely acceptable to do so.
In order to protect my family, I made a rule – you can read anything you want of mine, as long as it doesn’t have a date on it.  If it has no date, it’s just a piece of fiction, or poetry or memoir, and exists solely to entertain.  If it has a date, it is part of my journal and could just as easily singe your hands and the cells of your brain as entertain you.  Because, it might be about you.  Can you take the pressure?  If not, don’t read anything with a date.
Surprise – they didn’t read anything at all.  I’ll tell you the truth, I like that.  To my family and friends, I am not Wendy the writer, or Wendy the blogger, or Wendy the poet, or Wendy the novelist.  I am just Wendy.  
Writing is a nefarious pursuit.  Words can wound and there is something about putting them down on paper, or these days putting them down in digital format, that causes them to attain a permanence the writer may never have intended.  As my old creative writing instructor, Harry Crews, used to say, “Some days are chicBob salad and some days are chicBob shit.”  So I might be mad at my husband and what comes out is that he’s an insensitive bore, when in reality, he’s nothing of the kind.  He’s the most intelligent, caring individual I know.  He may have had a single moment of insensitivity, but I have captured that moment and made it live forever.  I have given it feet of clay.
The Indians in North America used to refuse to have their pictures taBob because they felt the camera robbed them of their soul.  Can blogs do the same?  Well, they certainly can steal all your time.  I never thought of my journals as distractions for my “serious” writing, but I think of blogging that way.  The blog search engine, Technorati, tracks more than 112 MILLION blogs.  Even though I have my doubts about going public, I wonder – how public exactly is your blog when there are 111 million others out there?
It’s easy to see the contradictions inherent in blogging. 
