On the one hand, you’re pinning your subject to the board like a butterfly to a specimen table.  If the butterfly happens to be a family member, this can be painful.  If the butterfly happens to be Michael Jackson, you’re lost in the crowd.
 On the other hand, you’re engaged in an enterprise about as significant as making a telephone call.  In fact, it’s less significant.  At least with a telephone call, you connect with one other person.  When you blog, you may not connect with anyone at all.
But still, we do it.  Why?  For the same reason that we have jotted down our thoughts in journals for years, for the same reason we illuminated manuscripts, for the same reason we wrote on the cave walls – we have something to capture and it won’t go away without our attempts to preserve it.  We can’t NOT do it.  The blogosphere allows millions of people to document their lives, their feelings, their interests.  Maybe this oh-so-democratic institution is filled with a lot dross, but blogging has created communities where none existed before.  Witness the amazing insurrection in Iran recently that was supposedly fueled by Web-based communities coming together to discuss the presidential election which incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claimed to have won against his opponent Mir-Hossein Mousavi.  Who ever would have thought the people of Iran would riot in the streets against the prevailing power?  That’s courage!  That’s community!
I blog so I can capture a moment in time.  I don’t care if anyone reads it.  The print is a lot neater than my old journals.  Since it’s typed.  Sometimes I put pictures on my blog.  It is pretty.  It is made up of soothing earth colors.  
Sometimes I blog on opensalon.com.  Sometimes people comment on my blogs.  That always surprises me and reminds me that I’m not writing in a void.  Three times my blogs have been chosen as editors’ picks.  That really scares me.  What if I’m on a rant and my mother reads it?  Or worse, what if she’s my only reader?
A friend of mine once said, “Don’t throw your writing in a drawer.  Emily Dickinson’s been done.”  So, I throw it on the Web and there it sits, in the ether, waiting for someone to read it.  But maybe not.  Like the Indian hiding her face from my intent gaze, I deliberately neglect to give people my blog address.  I don’t want to be metaphorically stared at.  I’m there but ignore me.  Except.  Except.  Except I hope to have grandchildren someday…
*Why I Live Where I Live
(*title stolen from an Esquire article by our favorite hometown author, the great Harry Crews)
I love living in a college town.  At ten o’clock, when the rest of the world is getting ready to go to sleep, my city is coming alive.  In the morning, when the rest of the world is waking to hit the bricks, my city is quiet and peaceful.  Birds who, the night before had been dodging vomit and trying to avoid being the victim of a drive-by drunk, chirp from nearby trees while squirrels gather garbage from the previous night’s revels.  
