Returning to the issue of jurisdiction in Hamdan, one highly controversial but also constitutionally significant issue left unaddressed in the Hamdan opinions is Hamdan's argument that the DTA raises disturbing issues about Congress' power to strip the Supreme Court of jurisdiction.   Read as such, this would prevent the Court from issuing any ruling on Hamdan's case or related issues.  However, one compelling response to Justice Scalia's position that the Court lacked jurisdiction comes from Calabresi and Lawson. Drawing on their formative experiences as law clerks for Scalia,  Calabresi and Lawson argue that while strong arguments do exist for the conclusion Justice Scalia reaches, they come from the legislative history perspective and other analytical tools which he has traditionally rejected.   
Instead, they resort to a textual reading of Article III, section 1 and 2, from which they conclude that Congress lacks the power to strip jurisdiction from the Court in any case.   Such an opinion would fly in the face more than two-hundred years of precedent reaching back to Marbury v. Madison, but given the controversy surrounding the decision at the time of Marbury's decision  and the uncertain position of the fledgling Court's authority in the newly-reconstituted American republic, the reading of the text advanced by Calabresi and Lawson seems at least plausible.  While the avoidance canon would suggest that the Court steer clear of such a potentially controversial issue, the text of Article III seems to refute the prevailing interpretation. Though the Court's desire to avoid this reading of the Exceptions Clause is understandable due to its potential ramifications, its significance to the future of post-9/11 cases and the DTA (as well as numerous other scenarios) give it unavoidable significance.
While the outcome of Hamdan had the immediate effect of defending individual rights against executive assertions of authority, the aforementioned unresolved issues of how it did so left its gains on unstable terrain.  Furthermore, as Justice Breyer stated in his brief concurrence, although the Court rejected the idea that Congress had conferred to the Executive a "blank check," there was nothing preventing the president from asking Congress to explicitly grant him the powers he desired.   In 2006, the President did so; the result of his efforts was the Military Commissions Act, which overturned several of the statutory bases of Justice Steven's opinion.   
In the aggregate, Hamdi and Hamdan have shown that the Court's commitment to balancing executive prerogatives and individual rights, while extant, is incomplete.  The partial nature of its protections for Yaser Esam Hamdi (as well as the potential flaws in the protections it extended) and the tenuous basis of its refusal to subject Salim Ahmed Hamdan to trial by military commission indicate that even if the Court has made bold strides in asserting itself as the arbiter of the balance, it has yet to fully employ that role in defense of the constitutionally-guaranteed rights of individuals.  Despite the superficial appeal of claims to dramatically expanded executive authority in the face of a crisis, the Court would do well to observe the warning issued by Justice Davis in his opinion in Ex parte Milligan.