Other Western societies deeply indoctrinated with the social contract and expectations of a centralized energy system may inevitably only replace conventional systems with renewable ones at the energy generation headwaters, choosing those technologies best suited for centralized control (i.e. wind farms, large hydro, geothermal, national hydrogen infrastructures).  
	But what of those communities that wish to escape the centralized regime?  Indeed, it seems that the current renewable energy landscape actually offers them an unprecedented opportunity to escape this system.  The reticent attitude of governments (i.e. the US) and industry to fully embrace renewable technologies may mean that communities are able to create their own, decentralized, autonomous systems before 'Big Renewable' comes to fruition.  If communities wish to make the shift, though, there are some social ramifications that must be considered.
	First, new technologies must not be viewed as inherently democratic.  As has already been emphasized, it is their implementation that will dictate if they might be called a "people's technology" (Bookchin 1980: 130).  Wind turbines, micro-hydro systems and simple solar hot water heaters can be readily understood by most people and they stand as some of the most democratic; while a wind farm of only three or four turbines could provide power to an entire town, it still requires a techno-managerial support system, a cadre of highly educated engineers rather than ensuring energy production remains in the hands of the community.  
	At the same time that these technologies require a purposeful application to maintain the goal of community self-management, they also "impart the tangible possibility for a recovery of self-management" (Bookchin 1980: 131).  The very fact that autonomous communities have been able to make use of this technology to aide them in their struggle for self-management implies that the technology itself could lend others a hand in reaching autonomy through their role as community "educative devices," as utopian symbols and as a concrete reaffirmation of the need for an increased focus on human scale technologies and social systems (Bookchin 1980: 131).  
	It is important that the full social ramifications of renewable technologies, particularly decentralized systems, be understood.  Communities looking to reestablish their autonomy and gain some measure of self-management could find help in renewable energy technologies.  At the same time, they must understand that these are no magic bullet and, indeed, could just as easily reenforce reigning social systems as not.  As energy regimes around the world begin the shift towards renewable systems, the ways in which this technology is implemented will be very important; there is some measure of inertia here.  The more communities that develop local energy regimes, the greater the incentives and support systems for others looking to follow suit.  As world governments and industries stall and drag their feet, maybe, just maybe, they will be entirely subverted and the technology they long derided will be used to ensure their irrelevance.

