A New Poetics: After Form and Pleasure
(Or, Word Tricks and the Soul of Poetry)
      “The truth is that poetry deals with reality – with the bitterness of life as well as the sweet, with hate, fear, famine, and fortune as well as love and laughter. .  . .” (Stiles 176).  Poetry is an art form of expression, an art form of burden, and an art form of metamorphosis.  Poetry survives as a tradition dating back beyond the written word to a time when the sun began to dawn on mankind, when oral tradition provided the only mechanism for history and art to pass from one generation to the next.  Written poetry has been the stuff of marvel and inquisition for years since, beginning with the classic Beowulf epic, through Dante’s Inferno and Spencer’s “Faerie Queene,” past Shakespeare and beyond Keats and Pound to the poets of today.  Despite the fact that even today we study and enjoy a tradition with a rich and cultured history, artists and aficionados alike explore the mystery of what makes poetry so different from prose.  We must explore our contemporary notion of poetry and how readers and poets of today can Why is a poem not a short story – or why is a poem a poem at all?  Can Ron Siliman’s “Chinese Notebook” conjectures about language, life, and poetics be called a manifesto in poem form?  Did James Joyce really write epic poetry and not prose novels?  Can an empty cake pan be enshrined as art?  Lastly, if we really can define a poetics, how does that change our view of a contemporary poet such as John Ashberry – if our view of Ashberry in fact changes at all.
      So, then, what is poetry?  Do we have a definition that destroys all doubt?  One might suppose that poetry requires language, as a starting place to begin our divinations.  Fair enough.  We can reject the idea that a sculpture, a piece of pizza, or interpretive dance might be considered poetry, at least without getting terribly philosophical.  But what do we consider from there?  Is any written work a candidate for the “Definitely a Poem” award, or are there more criteria to judge the aesthetic of a work than merely having it be written down?
      “[A piece of writing is] poetry if I can get something out of it by reading it as a poem,” (Flanagan, np).  While observant and worth thinking about in terms of a number of contemporary poets, the notion of all-inclusive, subjective poetry refuses to assist in a more solid definition of a poetic aesthetic.  To write a ten-page short story and then, as a joke, attempt to pass it off as a poem might well be considered by readers to be trickery; thenceforth, if an author had any message at all to say in that short story, he may as well consider it gone for the number of people who would read too much into the convention because of a tongue-in-cheek comment. 
