Similarly, if an author composes a Petrarchan sonnet in perfect form and titles it “This is Not a Poem,” readers and critics wouldn’t bat an eye except maybe to say that the irony was heavy and nuanced, but that it was most definitely a poem, no matter what the author titled it.  As much as we might like poetry to be whatever we want it to be, nay-sayers, literary critics, some die-hard traditionalist poets, and even the occasional devil’s advocate would love nothing more than to be able to point at a piece of literature and say, “Aha!  Now that is most certainly not a poem!”  What’s more, they would love to be right.
      To form an aesthetic that can pass judgment means that laws must first be passed: guidelines and methodology for determining a poem.  Easy enough, one might suggest.  Poetry should be something we like to read – that’s a nice place to start.  Philip Larkin in his essay, “The Pleasure Principle,” takes this idea a step further.  He writes that poetry should be enjoyable if it is to be poetry at all.  Larkin postulates that a poet who “loses his “pleasure-seeking audience” in favor of “the dutiful mob that signs on every September,” is in danger of writing selfish poetry that has an “unrealized, ‘undramatized,’ slackness, because he will have lost the habit of testing what he writes by this particular standard.  Hence, no pleasure.  Hence, no poetry,” (Larkin 1068).  As a result, pleasureless poetry is not poetry at all, and Larkin argues that the poets and readers of his time have no incentive to adjust the state of the art form.  At the same time, neither does Larkin provide a solution, save for “large-scale revolution” (Larkin 1069).  More helpful than, “If I call it poetry, it’s poetry,” Larkin’s argument eliminates from our definition poets that are widely considered obtuse and dense, difficult to read and even more difficult to like on a first-pass reading.  Suddenly, we hope, after discouraging hundreds of poets whose work is utterly unenjoyable (and thus not actually poetry), a new breed of poets will spill forth from some heavenly window and poetry shall be forever enjoyed by all.
      So, Mister Larkin, whose idea of enjoyment sets the standard for poetry?  Not yours alone, I hope.  The populace?  The masses?  Everyone?  No one?
      As if to complicate matters even further, some readers take a deviant delight in diving in past the still surface tension of a poem into the sunken treasures below.  We can find poetic pirates and Cousteau copycats that we might imagine in Rich’s “Diving into the Wreck,” exploring a poem or an idea past the surface for what more succinct truths and plunderous booty can be discovered.  After all, Sexton is quoted in Norton as having said that poetry “should be a shock to the senses.  It should almost hurt,” (Ramazani 431).  This flies in the face of Larkin’s fundamental argument that poetry, above all, should be enjoyable.  
