Sexton’s claim in fact says the exact opposite: that poetry should be painful.
      Who does the discerning reader trust?  Certainly, for a moment one must consider another way, a different path to observe if we are to make anything clear in this lush jungle of language and interpretations.  So, enjoyment is out of the question, now, crushed to pieces by the weight of Anne Sexton’s masochism and our watery explorers.  It no longer matters whether or not we enjoy a poem for it to be called so, because a painful or obtuse poem is just as likely as the next to be a valid poem.  Instead, we turn to form for the answer.  Formal quality in poetry will be able to turn the tide for us.
      Denise Levertov, a contemporary of Duncan, Creeley, and Olson, amends a claim about poetry and form first posited by Creeley.  “Form is never more than a revelation of content,” she writes (Levertov 1085).  Where Creeley originally stated “extension” rather than “revelation,” the idea stands that form does more than provide a luxurious oaken frame for the picturesque content of poetry.  Instead, it takes on an active role: form supplies content.  Structure reveals substance.  Even the notion of avoidance of form, Levertov notes parenthetically “if that were possible”) can signify intent to step into pure emotion (Levertov 1084).  Levertov might suggest that we should be able to identify poetry by form.  Surely, in the previous example of the Petrarchan sonnet, our imaginary critics and readers were able to discern the form of the sonnet – a widely accepted poetic form – and thus claim that “This is Not a Poem” was in fact a poem, no matter the title or authorial intent.  Levertov’s claim does ring bells, however, with public sentiment: at first glance, it can be easy to tell whether or not a work is a poem by examining form.  Twenty rhymed couplets with a clever clued-in title?  Poem.  A moving paragraph entitled “Missing,” written in prose about finding a missing sock in the morning after a father’s death?  Not a poem.  Moving, yes, but not a poem.  Form belies pretension and disguise.  Often the mere presence of line breaks is enough to cause many to swear up to high heaven that a piece of writing is a poem, no matter what it contains.  Line breaks, after all, are there for a reason, thus it was not intended to be prose.  If it was intended to be prose, those breaks would not be there at all!  Success!  A pat on the back, and a round of drinks for the boys.
      However, if included in anthology of poetry, our “Missing” might be conceived as a prose-poem, a poem taking on the form of prose by force, that which defies all previous understanding of what separates prose and poetry.  With the advent of the prose-poem, we find that Levertov’s ideas about formal poetry no longer hold as much water as they might once have.   
