Structure no longer serves up a heaping helping of meaning or purpose in distinguishing poetry from that which isn’t poetry, because anything that’s not poetry can be claimed to be a poem that was formed a certain way for a reason. 
Allowing any form to be acceptable for a poem destroys the idea that form is a discriminating factor to begin with.  “You give them an inch, they will take a mile,” as the adage goes.  Form as definition has failed to find the way.
      Without content or form as distinctive enough between written works, the now war-weary reader will not want to wade through miles of arguments and counter-arguments to find the truth about poetry.  Luckily, we have Dylan Thomas poised backstage to steal the show.
       “I use everything and anything to make my poems work and move in the directions I want them to: old tricks, new tricks, puns, portmanteau-words, paradox, allusion, paronomasia, paragram, catachresis, slang, assonantal rhymes, vowel rhymes, sprung rhythm.  Every device there is in language has to be used if you will.  Poets have got to enjoy themselves sometimes, and the twistings and convolutions of words, the inventions and contrivances, are all part of the joy that is part of the painful, voluntary work.” (Thomas 1065).
Here we find a glimmer of hope, something more concrete on which to plant our poetic.  Literary devices, or put another way, “word tricks.”  Thomas mentions the same idea briefly toward the beginning of the same “Poetic Manifesto, when he writes, “I learned that the bad tricks come easily; and the good ones, which help you to say what you think you wish to say in the most meaningful, moving way, I am still learning. (But in earnest company you must call these tricks by other names, such as technical devices, prosodic experiments, etc.)” (Thomas 1063).  These “word tricks” may be what we’re looking for.  Where prose deals with a logical, flowing argument constructed of sentences and paragraphs, poetry deals with experience using word tricks and other conventions.  Rhyme, rhythm, alliteration – these and more are the poetic word tricks that writers use to denote that playful language that fuels poetry.  However, very seldom in prose works do we as readers experience the same tricks.  Prose makes use of different devices and methods in order to impress or hold the reader’s interest.  Where prose has room to work in sentence upon sentence, poetry typically has no such luxury: poems must make frugal use of each word, performing much with only a little.  Ergo, these tricks and witty literary devices are implemented to increase effect.  Whenever prose writers make use of these traditionally poetic conventions, they do so because they understand poetic associations that devices hold and wish to recreate those experiences in their work – thus forcing it closer to the realm of poetry.  
      This new lens provides us with a more quantitative way of deciding “Yes, that’s a poem,” or “No, that is not a poem.”  
