Of course, now we can say that any work with word tricks is probably a poem.  Well, maybe.  The more “word tricks” a piece of writing plays, the more likely it is to be a poem.  Here, we can use form and content to inform our decision.  
Do we enjoy reading it, even if it’s painful?  Does it have poetic form?  Does it sound different than prose?  Does it express experience using word tricks?  Do I get something out of it by reading it as poem?  If the answers to these questions tend toward “Yes,” then it’s probably a poem.  No one single quality can signal that a poem is what it claims to be or merely masquerades; but taken as a group, we can decide with relative assurance.
      As confident as our critics now sit, our victory feels hollow.  We know how to spot a poem, but we have no idea what makes a good poem.  Something’s still missing.  What about that something else – that fundamental otherness of a poem we can’t quite put our finger on, but that we know it’s there?  That je ne sais quoi.  Maybe Thomas has an answer for that too.
      When asked for a definition himself of poetry, Thomas responds, “The best craftsmanship always leaves holes and gaps in the works of the poem so that something that is not in the poem can creep, crawl, flash, or thunder in,” (Thomas 1066).  Poetry needs soul.  Poetry has to have that life flooding through it so that humans can relate to it and through it.  Poetry has long been a facility for man to understand himself and one another, but without soul, poems are just notes for an essay about life, even with all the form, content, and enjoyment a poet could want.
      That feels better.  Soul.  Subjective as it sounds, soulful poetry is identifiable as poetry, but poetry with a kick.  Soulless poetry is boring, unmoving, and tired.  It’s the dead-end job, the spent prodigal, the barren farmstead, hoping for redemption or a way out.  Good poetry has soul, and it allows us to connect with the writing on a new level.  Good poetry provides us with both experience and a lens through which to view both that experience and all others like it.
      Now, for the true test of our mettle: does a poet stand up to this new poetics?  Better yet, does a poet who passes the test of the new poetics intrinsically have this soul that makes poetry good and worth reading?  Theory is all fine and good, but theory is nothing without application.  John Ashberry is an acclaimed and award-winning poet important to the poetic tradition.  He serves as a kind of literary coffee shop where Formalists and Confesssionalists can meet for a cup of joe and a chat. 
      For example, in “These Lacustrine Cities,” Ashberry fashions his words into a kind of visual sculpture, with his tower controlling the sky and his rainbow of tears.    
