Is it enjoyable to read?  Well, ultimately that depends on the reader.  Ashberry’s phrasing and elusive diction tends to push readers out of a kind of central circle of understanding so that they can only but glimpse through beautiful tainted glass windows of Ashberry’s creation that hint at what’s inside. To some, this is that treasure trove to dive in to.  Others take Ashberry’s words at face value, and to be truthful, he is a craftsman.  “You have built a mountain of something / Thoughtfully pouring all your energy into this single monument / Whose wind is desire starching a petal, / whose disappointment broke into a rainbow of tears” (Ashberry 391).  Granted, the reader might have no idea what Ashberry is talking about, but even so, this does not necessarily preclude enjoyment, thought it might.
      Formally, Ashberry is a master.  “Farm Implements and Rutabagas in a Landscape” is a sestina – a strict formal type of poem requiring the writer to use the same six words at the end of six lines of six stanzas in a prescribed order, and then to use them all once again in the seventh stanza of three lines.  Here, Ashberry writes about the comic strip hero Popeye, not normally the stuff of sestinas.  From silly newspaper hijinx to flowery, flowing language, the characters dance lyrically as Ashberry forces them to, and the sestina works.  Ashberry utilizes form – or, perhaps the lack of any apparent form – in his other works as well in order to provide unity, chaos, structure, or perhaps just to set two lines apart.
      As for literary devices, Ashberry is not short on them.  His poetry is as full of word tricks as a box of gravel is full of stone.  “Paradoxes and Oxymorons” is anything but “concerned with language at a very plain level,” implying irony: the first of many “word tricks” Ashberry utilizes here.  This poem is a playground for words to roll around and exchange meaning like paramecium, forcing different perspectives and positions on the possibilities of meaning.  He uses imagery, simile, and a wistful kind of dodging from moment to moment as if performing lyrical ballet.  In “Some Trees,” Ashberry implements rhyme, metaphor, and enjambment to pull the reader in and push the flow of the words along to the next line.
      Last, but certainly not least, does the poetry of John Ashberry have soul?  Does it contain the life-force that enriches the reader and creates an unmistakable yet unnamable moving of the spirit?  To answer this, I turn to “The Instruction Manual.”  This poem cites a technical writer with a bad case of ennui.  He is transported to the spirited Guadalajara, where life bubbles out of the pores of this poetry.  Soul weaves itself into the alleyways and the discoursing voices of dialogue we don’t hear in the background.  Ashberry takes us to his exotic destination and makes us wish we, too, could share this time there, before setting us back firmly, feet on the ground and chin up, mindful of the present and our unfinished instruction manual.
 
