      The poetic art form has seen movements concentrating on form, confession, modernism, and a plethora of other schools of thought. Every poet, critic, and professor seems to have the ideal poetic model.  Perhaps many of these are close, or can be blended to perfection, but on the whole it seems as though everyone is trying to say the same thing about what a poem is: they simply insist upon using different words.
For some it is to be beautiful.  For others it is to be meaningful.  Still, so long as poetry retains form, beauty, the clever wit of device, and soul, almost anything can be a poem.  Except, of course, when it isn’t.

21st Century Chivalry:
Examining Old Concepts Made New
     Ask five different modern men and women what they believe chivalry is, and chances are you will receive five very similar answers.  Some might even claim chivalry is dead and has been for some time.  Our view of this antiquated style of behavior is different now than the view that was held in the 12th and 14th centuries.  As our culture evolves from day to day and becomes infused with fresh ideas and schools of thought, the new traditions never fully eclipse the older ways.  Instead, they merely reflect a different portion of that which the world used to know.  While modern culture remains fixated on the gender of chivalry, it would not be out of place to suggest chivalry as a code of conduct for good human behavior, one that both men and women alike can adhere to.  Nevertheless, this code remains rooted in chivalry, and we get much of our understanding of this practice from literature.
     Writers have been telling stories of chivalry since the practice began, and each new story provides us with a different perspective on the chivalric code.  Chrétien de Troyes and Geoffrey Chaucer are two such writers.  Chrétien’s Lancelot and Chaucer’s The Knight’s Tale both offer definitions and insight regarding the code of chivalry that could be fused together to form a more civil way of living for the modern person.
     Lancelot is full of characters who call themselves knights – Lancelot himself, Gawain, Kay, and other nameless knights, some of whom are chivalrous and some who are not.  Each of these knights, along with an understanding of how they are presented within the tale, provides us with a greater understanding of Chrétien’s take on the finer details of the code of chivalry.
     Lancelot begins with the exploits of an un-chivalrous man: Sir Kay.  Kay’s uncourtly behavior toward both Arthur and Guinevere shows us a selfish knight.  Upon hearing the news that Méléagant has challenged any man in the court for the prize of the queen, Kay immediately tells the king he will be leaving; the reader gets the idea that Kay isn’t upset at all, but instead that he is plotting. 
	 