	 Guinevere calls his behavior “Neither courtly nor wise” (Chrétien line 140).  Both the queen and king must beg him to remain at court, and Kay does so only after he has made a condition.  “…Then Kay / promised to remain, but only / if Arthur swore in advance / he could have whatever he wanted…” (153–156).
     Kay asks to be the knight who will fight for the queen; Arthur reluctantly complies, as per his agreement.  Guinevere is “displeased, and the whole palace / denounced Kay’s pride and presumption / in making such a demand”  (184–186).  Despite Kay’s confidence, Méléagant defeats him handily, taking the queen with him back to Gorre as his prize.  Through these events we can see Kay’s selfishness, pride, and arrogance as contributing factors that not only lead to his defeat but to the abduction of Guinevere from Camelot.  Clearly, as Kay is not the ideal knight, these qualities would comprise the antithesis of true chivalry.  Robert Sanderson writes, “Kay is the anti-hero. … Chrétien uses him more as a display piece than as a real character – here is the sort of knight that one should not aim to emulate” (Sanderson 8).  Through the failure of this “anti-hero,” Chrétien sets the stage for chivalry to shine as two other knights seek to reclaim that which was lost.  The first to speak up is Gawain.
      Gawain admonishes Arthur for a foolish decision and asks him for permission to follow after.  Arthur agrees, calling the decision “politic wisdom” (239).  Gawain is the only man who rides out in full armor, signifying his preparedness for any situation; upon finding Kay’s lone horse, he rides ahead of the rest, meeting Lancelot.  When he and Lancelot come upon the dwarf driving the cart, he refuses the invitation to ride in return for information.  After all, to ride in the cart would be dishonorable.  Chrétien notes about those who ride in the cart that “their reputations / were lost … / … they lost all honor / and joy.  Everyone knew / what the carts were for, and feared them” (335-339).  After refusing to ride, Gawain continues on his quest for the queen.  He and Lancelot also share a deep friendship; while Lancelot is locked up in the tower and Méléagant is demanding a fight, Gawain prepares himself to battle instead of his friend.  At the last, however, Lancelot appears, causing Gawain great joy.    
The narrator tells us that “if they had chosen / Gawain king, but on condition / Lancelot be lost again, / then Gawain would have said no” (6812–6815).  He was ready and willing to fight the battle of his friend – honorable and just to the end.  Gawain exhibits physical prowess, wisdom, honor, fellowship, and justice.  He is courteous to Guinevere as well, upon meeting her in Gorre, and he is determined in his quest to seek her beforehand.  