However, Gawain finds disaster in the Sunken Bridge – as he tries to cross, the tide sweeps him up, nearly drowning him.  As a result, he is unable to save the queen from Méléagant’s clutches, as Lancelot finally does.
Gawain’s failure at the Sunken Bridge signifies a lack in character as well as a lack in ability.  Something is missing from Gawain that would make him first among the knights, and we find it in the hero of the tale: Sir Lancelot, the knight of the cart.
      On the surface, Lancelot appears as Gawain’s equal.  He is equally honorable, equally just.  He is generous and grants mercy.  Lancelot even wins at tournament, outshining knights from far and wide with physical prowess.  What separates Lancelot from the other knights in this story is not merely his devotion to Guinevere but the fact that he is a courtly lover at all.  Laurence N. de Looze echoes the sentiments of Douglas Kelly when he suggests that this love is the reason Lancelot is able to succeed.  He writes, “[Gawain] is unequaled in martial prowess, except when pitted against a knight infused with fin’amor, at which time [he] slips to second place” (de Looze 253).  Fin’amor, or “fine love,” is simply another name for the courtly love, the very same that Lancelot has for Guinevere.
      Throughout his quest, the character of Lancelot exhibits the same virtues that Gawain does, though occasionally in different ways because of his courtly love for the queen; all of this to the effect that Lancelot appears as the ideal knight.  For example, Gawain refuses to get into the cart and dishonor himself – it would oppose reason and shame his reputation.  Lancelot, however, in favor of love, climbs into the cart, but only after he ignores reason which “taught and advised him never / to attempt anything likely / to bring him shame or reproach” (Chrétien 366–368).  This move, at first, brings shame to Lancelot, but it is also the vehicle (figuratively and literally) through which his quest continues, and it is the symbol of his devotion.  In the end, the cart brings Lancelot more honor than it stole from him as it demonstrates his resolve.  In spite of the cart, one of his host families says, “He’ll never be allowed to forget it. / Except for this, only / this, you could search the whole / wide world and never find / another knight to match him” (2619–2623).   
Lancelot’s passion for Guinevere drives his journey forward; as he quests, his adventure allows him the opportunity to demonstrate chivalric virtues such as mercy, justice, honor, and chastity.  Courtly love forces Lancelot into the cart, but when those around him perceive his chivalrous nature, his honor returns to him.  Thus, courtly love compliments chivalry.
      In addition to courtly love, Lancelot shows respect for the women he encounters.  He offers his services to the girl at the crossroads in thanks for the information she provides, pledging all the “force / and power that Love had given him” (627–628).   