He gives mercy to the woman at the ford when he agrees not to kill his challenger, demonstrating a generosity and kindness as well.  Lancelot gives justice to the girl who asks for the arrogant knight’s head, honoring her word.
He agrees to sleep with the woman who tests his chastity, though he doesn’t want to do so, and he protects her from the overconfident knight: he respects her wishes without being disrespectful of her, even as she lusts after him.  Lancelot holds Guinevere high in regard over all, but he treats all women with no less respect.  We do not see this respect in Gawain, though not necessarily because he lacks it.  Chrétien merely does not go out of his way to show us Gawain’s reaction to women in favor of a more masculine disposition.  Instead, he accentuates Lancelot’s behavior toward women.
      Lancelot finally shows dedication to the Lord God; for example, Lancelot says, “May God / Love me, I’ve never denied / mercy to a man who did me / wrong, if he asked in God’s name. / … I can’t refuse you, when you ask / not in your own name, but His” (905–912).  The narrator tells us that only those not “stained with sin” can cross the Sword Bridge, and we find that Lancelot succeeds in the task (3176–3185).  Lancelot also, on more than one occasion, commends men and women to God and blesses them, as he does with the woman who wanted the head of the arrogant knight: “May God bless you, girl, / and bring you health and joy” (2798–2799).  Lancelot may not be the most devout Christian knight to grace the earth, as demonstrated by his adulterous affair with Guinevere, but that through all of his trials he remains faithful to the church is significant.  The act of self-sacrifice in crossing the Sword Bridge in order to save Guinevere and the prisoners in Gorre is Christ-like and in keeping with Christian tradition.  This association with chivalry and Christianity tells us that faith was required of the chivalrous knight: it would not be enough merely to fight for good and truth, but instead to fight for the Truth of God
      Chrétien’s version of chivalry is a well-rounded one, focusing on martial prowess and courtly love first.  The proper chivalrous knight should be virtuous, generous, honorable, loyal, wise, just, and full of fellowship.  He should also have respect for women, and a love of God. However, Chrétien is not the only chivalric author; Geoffrey Chaucer also writes about the subject in his Canterbury Tales, and it is to that piece of literature we turn next. 
 In his “Knight’s Tale,” Chaucer outlines his own version of chivalry.  Part of Chaucer’s technique in writing the Tales is to create a close connection between the teller and his or her tale; it would be amiss to discuss the Knight’s tale without first examining the Knight.