	  According to most Chaucerian critics, the Knight is one of the three pilgrims on the way to Canterbury that Chaucer does not view in the light of satire, along with the parson and the plowman – each the lowest born member of their appropriate class.  Therefore, we can believe that Chaucer is being genuine in his description of the Knight’s virtues and adventurous exploits worldwide.  
He begins by describing the Knight as a “worthy man” that “loved chivalrye” (“General Prologue” lines 43, 45).  The Knight also exemplifies virtues such as, according to Kolve and Olson’s Norton’s Critical Edition of The Canterbury Tales, “fidelity, honor, generosity of spirit, and courtesy (the central chivalric virtues)” (Kolve and Olson 4).  Chaucer goes on to describe the wars far and wide that the knight has been involved in, and he hints that a few or all of them were holy wars, perhaps part of the crusades:  “And therto hadde he riden, no man ferre, / as wel in Cristendom as in hethenesse, / And evere honoured for his worthiness” (“General Prologue” 48–50).  Chaucer’s Knight is “wys, and of his port as meke as is a mayde” (68–69).  He goes on to say that he “nevere yet no vileinye ne sayde in al his lyf, unto no maner wight.  He was a verray, parfit, gentil knight.” (70–73).  Chaucer gives us the image of a man valiant in battle as Lancelot and courteous to others as Gawain: a “true, perfect, noble” man, and an apparent bastion of chivalry (Kolve and Olson 4).  He is wise, humble, and courageous.  As with Chrétien’s portrait of Gawain, though, we see no semblance of courtly love in the description of the Knight; Chaucer leaves that to the Squire.  Still, we expect the “Knight’s Tale” to reflect this image of chivalry personified.
      The “Knight’s Tale” is a courtly romance that concentrates on love and war as well as establishing order and equality by means of chivalry.  Not only this, but in some ways the Tale can also be said to foreshadow the end of chivalry as Chaucer’s audience knew it.       Within the Tale, the three major players – Theseus, Palamon, and Arcita – contribute to the concept of chivalry that the Knight is trying to formulate for his fellow pilgrims through his eloquent speech and attention to detail.
	  Theseus is Chaucer’s ideal knight: a wise, chivalrous conqueror (“Knight’s Tale” lines 4–7).  
	  Theseus is order manifest; he provides structure as a character through his actions in the story.  William Frost notes that, “the Tale begins with a wedding, a conquest, and a funeral; and ends with a tournament, a funeral, and a wedding” (Frost 102).  Theseus is behind all of these, save the first funeral; even then, upon hearing the wives beg for mercy, Theseus takes it upon himself to avenge their husbands’ deaths – restoring order and justice where it has been disrupted.  Thus the structure of the tale itself is orderly, and Theseus is the vehicle through which this order is achieved.
