	  Theseus is also merciful to Palamon and Arcita when he sends them to a tower in Athens to be locked up as opposed to immediately executing them (“Knight’s Tale” 164–166).  He shows orderly mercy again when he interrupts Arcita and Palamon’s fight in the woods.  First, he ignores the wrong each man has done against him, saying “Fy / upon a lord that wol have no mercy” (915–916).  
He also enforces his own order upon the two, telling them that they will fight orderly and equally, on a set ground with rules established by himself (897–1011).  He exerts a self-controlled command over every situation in the Tale where he is present, implementing an honorable code of conduct where there is disorderly man-to-man fighting and chaos.   In all of this, the Knight, through Theseus, seems to say that chivalry brings much-needed order, honor, and mercy to an otherwise chaotic world – a world embodied by Palamon and Arcita.
      The two cousins Palamon and Arcita, at first glance, are bound by the fellowship of chivalry: they are found together, two sons of two sisters, both wounded.  Throughout the tale and until the end, what happens to one happens to the other.  Both men are placed into prison by Theseus without ransom, where they live “in angwish and in wo” (171).  Upon seeing Emily, both men are struck at once with lovesickness for her.  Arcita is sent into exile, while Palamon remains locked up in prison, but as the Knight asks us, “Who hath the worse, Arcita or Palamoun? / That oon may seen his lady day by day, / But in prison he moot dwelle always. / That other wher him list may ryde or go, / But seen his lady shal he neveremo” (490–494).  Both are stuck in the same predicament: neither can have Emily.  As a result, both choose to do remedy their situations and set in motion the necessary events to win her.  This fellowship they have in sharing the same experiences is broken as they squabble over who loved Emily first.  They further sever this fellowship when they agree to fight each other to the death to see who should win the right to love her.  The fellowship between them is finally restored at the end of the Tale when Arcita commends Palamon to Emily as “the gentil man” (1939).
      In addition, the two men violate the chivalric code by dishonoring themselves as they break faith with Theseus.  Arcita disguises himself and returns to Athens to sit at court with Theseus; Palamon, on the other hand, escapes prison to implore himself to join Theseus in battle.  Each has attempted to escape his punishment – a dishonorable thing to do.  Their love for Emily causes them to act in such a manner, disrupting the order of justice and restitution.  They wish to fight man-to-man in a forest for the chance at a prize as opposed to the grand, stately, fair tournament that Theseus later prescribes – with Emily guaranteed to the winner.  
