When Theseus forgives Palamon and Arcita and brings them under his order, the men begin their ascent to chivalrous behavior again.  However, the transformation is not complete until Arcita is mortally wounded, for even during the battle, the two men are vicious to kill the other in explicit disobedience of Theseus’s order that no one should die.  The Knight tells us
       So cruel on the hunte as is Arcite
       For jelous herte upon this Palamoun
       Ne in Belmarye ther nis so fel leoun
       That hunted is, or for his hunger wood
       Ne of his praye desireth so the blood
       As Palamon to sleen his foo Arcite (1770-1775)
It is only after the fight is over that Arcita and Palamon become the chivalrous knights that Theseus has been modeling them into, one becoming glorified and the other winning his prize of a wife. Aricta, in death, claims to know, now, the virtues that make a good lover; we can see that these also resemble those that make a good chivalrous knight, among them: faithfulness, honor, wisdom, humility, fellowship, and generosity (1931-1933).  Palamon is the courtly lover that Arcita is leaving behind to love his Emily, and we are told that Emily “him loveth so tenderly, and he hir serveth so gentilly” (2245-2246). The two live happily ever after.  At the end of the Tale, Theseus brings order full circle with his “First Moevere” speech, in which he claims that the First Moevere justly orders fate and fortune to preside over all.  In this way, chivalry causes stability and justice within life.
      Both men could be considered, each along with his patron god, to symbolize a facet of chivalry.  Arcita prays to Mars, “Yif me the victorie, I aske thee namore” (1562).  He is the more practical of the two, and the more martial.  Alternatively, Palamon prays to Venus not to have victory, honor, or glory but rather, “I would have fully possessioun / of Emelye, and dye in thy servyse.”  Win or lose the fight, Palamon knows that love conquers all and asks for the girl.  Both men are fighters and lovers in regards to Emily, but this is where the Tale separates the two: Arcita symbolizes the physical aspect of chivalry, as does Mars, his patron god of war.  Palamon symbolizes chivalry’s courtly lover, a man who would devote himself to the object of his desire; Venus, the goddess of love, reinforces this image.  
In the end, the gods grant both prayers, and each combatant receives what he desires: While Arcita wins glory and the tournament, Palamon wins love and Emily.  Order is restored and justice is served.
	  Chaucer shows a chivalry that brings order to the world through honor, justice, and truth.  It also holds some of the same basic tenets of Chrétien’s chivalry: generosity, fellowship, wisdom, humility.  However, Kaye Anfield shows us Chaucer’s prophetic side, stating, “When he ends his tale with the death of Arcite, the fighter, he is unwittingly summing up the eventual fate of chivalry. 