The fighter is no longer needed, though the noble lover is still desired.”  (Anfield 4).  This idea sets the stage for modern chivalry, in an age where men no longer ride on chevaux but in Chevrolets.
	  The usual concept evoked when modern people consider chivalry is best illustrated by the description one father gave for how his son should act in “The Choice: Chivalry or Barbarism” by Candis McLean.  Jan Horejsi spoke of “Chivalry, courtesy towards women.  Offering a chair, opening a door, walking on the outside of the street; all these things teach self-confidence and respect” (qtd. In McLean).  However, chivalry need not be gendered or typified as a male-only institution.  
Modern women are just as capable of defending themselves and footing the bill for a meal as modern men are; no longer necessary is the gentleman who will open the door for a lady and seat her facing the middle of the room before paying for her meal  Rather, chivalry’s code of conduct for both the men and women of today could and should blend the virtues we can take from Chrétien and Chaucer.  Instead of being a way for males to command and give respect to women, chivalry should be a way for people to act respectfully and with civility toward one another. 
      This code of conduct derived from Chrétien and Chaucer paint us a picture of virtuous living.  Lancelot, Palamon, and Aricta were all physically capable knights who fought for love.  Chaucer’s Knight fought for his lord and his faith.  Regardless, all knights fought for what they believed strongest in; so should the chivalrous of today remain steadfast in battle with words and ideas to stand for their beliefs.  Gawain and the Knight remained loyal and respectful toward their superiors; loyalty and respect for authority are traits occasionally found missing from modern culture, and they could stand to be renewed with a revival of chivalry, revised for the 21st century.  Gawain possessed a wise, courteous spirit that knew how and when to act as well as how to present himself properly to others.  Gawain, Lancelot, and the Knight were generous, merciful, honorable, and just.  They valued fellowship and honored their fellow knights.  They advocated the protection of the defenseless.  The modern chivalrous man or woman, then, should also strive to exhibit the same traits: generosity, mercy, honor, justice, and fellowship with one another.  Chivalry need not begin and end with the gentleman’s attitude toward the rest of the world, but rather should encompass humanity’s attitude toward the rest of humanity.
      Though Chrétien’s Lancelot dates to the 12th century, and Chaucer’s “Knight’s Tale” comes to us from the 14th, the ideas and points they present are still valuable for today in a world where a little more virtue is as welcome as ever.  Rather than accepting chivalry as something men do for women, we can take the words of these two authors and apply them as a code of conduct for the 21st century, where everyone deserves the chance to be chivalrous to others, and where everyone deserves to be on chivalry’s receiving end as well.
