Lady Murasaki: Tour Guide
      Many narrators simply tell a story and let the reader decide for themselves which details presented are pertinent and which are not.  The Tale of Genji is different.  Instead, the readers are guided along as tourists on a kind of scenic trip to Heian Japan.  With Lady Murasaki’s narrator as our knowledgeable courtier tour guide, we receive ‘inside information’ about the people, places, and things we experience.  This extra information helps us enjoy our ‘trip’ more than if we were forced to go it alone.  Lady Murasaki’s narrator seems as though she is holding a magnifying glass for her readers to look through.  We can plainly see all the events unfold, but occasionally she (if the narrator is indeed a she) lets us peek through that magnifying glass to inspect some finer details of setting or even the thoughts, feelings, and actions of other characters.  Lady Murasaki’s narrator’s selective focus on certain details and events engages her readers in the story and entices them to continue reading.  Her attention to selecting what to show and what to tell enriches the story, and in turn it deepens the reader’s enjoyment while providing a glimpse into the culture of the time.
     While inspecting Genji’s  “A Picture Contest,” we can see many of the narrative stylistic tools that Lady Murasaki uses throughout the novel.  As an artist, she paints exactly the picture she wants us to see.  For example, at the beginning of “A Picture Contest,” she goes to great lengths to paint Genji as impartial in regard to the Suzaku emperor.  “Making every effort to appear withdrawn and impartial, he took general responsibility for the proceedings and stood in the place of the girl’s father” (Shikibu 345).  And again we see: “Not wishing the Suzaku emperor to think that he was managing the girl’s affairs, he paid only a brief courtesy call upon her arrival at court” (348).  We also get hints that the Suzaku emperor is still troubled, despite Genji’s attempts to not make the situation any worse than it already was.  Lady Murasaki’s narrator does not yet tell the reader if Suzaku is angry with Genji or merely upset over Akikonomu; instead we learn that he “had difficulty resigning himself to what had happened” (349).  We also discover that he truly did love Akikonomu, but thus far we have no insight to the true source of his discomfort.  It is a good example of Lady Murasaki’s narrator holding back pieces of the details in order to guide her readers along the more enjoyable character-driven path she wishes us to take.  
Our tour guide carefully selects the “stops” that the narrative takes, indulging her readers while letting them see exactly what she wants them to.
      We also get to see inside the minds of the characters instead of just the actions of the characters, thanks to the narrator.  We see Genji as he thinks on the Rokujo lady and how proud she would have been of her daughter, were she still alive (348).  