We also see inside the Suzaku emperor’s head after an exchange of poetry, if but briefly, when we discover that “[He] was deeply moved and longed to return to his days on the throne.  He was annoyed at Genji, who was perhaps now having a gentle sort of revenge” (355).  The narrator lets the reader know precisely how the Suzaku emperor feels; he is heartbroken at not being able to take Akikonomu as a wife, and he feels as if Genji is purposely trying to hurt him.  The reader knows better, but this tension is also a part of what shapes Lady Murasaki’s characters.  This tension also would not have been as strong if we had learned of this detail immediately, and the reader is further interested in the relationship between the two.  Also, we see another incident of this internal revelation near the end of the novel, when Genji thinks on and plans for his future and for that of his family.  Instead of telling us what Genji does, we again instead see at length how he feels and what he thinks (359-360).  
This fuller view of many of Lady Murasaki’s characters adds to our enjoyment of and appreciation for the tale.  While we can see that the narrator often concentrates on Genji, since the story is framed around him, the narrator also offers her readers a treat in being able to examine other characters and how they feel when she deems it appropriate.
      This brings up the idea of the narrator’s shifting focus; oftentimes during the story, Lady Murasaki’s narrator changes the way she tells the tale.  She begins by focusing on Genji’s actions and the actions of those around him as we see Akikonomu’s arrival at court.  However, around the emperor’s meeting of Akikonomu we see the narrator shift in focus to a broader sweep of things (348-349).  No longer do we hear most about Genji; rather, we see the unfolding of this competitive spirit between two women vying for the affections of the emperor.  This back story is, of course, necessary in order for the end of the chapter (and the end of our translation of the story) to make sense to the reader, but it does not yet concentrate on Genji except for in the details.  However, as we have seen, that is also where Lady Murasaki makes the most of her storytelling.  Just after To no Chujo brings out his collection, the narrator does not tell us simply that “Genji also brought out his collection.”  Instead, she shifts focus from the unfolding competition and tells us: “Thinking this a good occasion to show them to Murasaki, he took out the sketchbooks and journals of his exile” (350).  
She continues to tell us how Murasaki and Genji go over pictures together, giving us a glimpse into Genji’s most celebrated relationship.  After this, and a brief mention of Fujitsubo, the narrator resumes unfolding the contest.  