The exchange between Genji and Murasaki is a detail that is not required for the story to end, but the narrator gives it anyway, and in that sense the novel seems richer and more full of realism and life.  Once again, the narrator paints a broad picture of a setting in this chapter – the setting of the picture competition – but intermittently we get to see glimpses of Genji and other characters, and in doing so we get to learn more about them.  In turn, this engages the reader who has been wishing to learn more about Genji and his illustrious women.
      Lady Murasaki’s narrator also tells us the details about objects that would matter more to the audience reading her tale.  This happens oftentimes when the narrator was in the middle of telling us something, but she goes out of her way to bring a detail to light before returning to her narrative.  Most notable and most frequent are her digressions into the presentation of the paintings.  Our first glimpse of this is when “To no Chujo redoubled his own efforts.  He quite outdid himself with all the accessories, spindles and mountings and cords and the like” (351).  
	  The narrator seems to suggest that the accessories are almost as important as the paintings themselves.  In fact, we do not even explicitly hear that To no Chujo is bringing out more paintings, although it is implied with “redoubled his own efforts.”  Instead, our tour guide the narrator specifically points out the accessories.  This happens again once the contest is underway.  The illustration presented by the Left “was mounted on Chinese silk and had a cerise cover and a spindle of sandalwood – rather uninteresting, all in all” (352).  In the middle of a contest about who has a better taste in art, the narrator tells us not what the pictures look like, but who painted them and what accessories they have.  This careful detail selection on the part of the narrator implies two things about her audience.  According to The World of the Shining Prince, her audience would have been able to recognize the names of the artists and calligraphers, and their names alone would have invoked the proper images of beauty or simplicity, much as the name “Picasso” or “Rembrandt” would to modern readers (Morris 198-199).  Second, it tells us that nicer paintings were also more nicely accessorized, and the overall presentation of a painting (as opposed to simply its content and artistic value) was very important regarding the way in which the viewer received it.  This kind of revelation is not limited to paintings, however; we also see the combs and paper treated in the same manner (Shikibu 346, 355).  To modern readers, this seems of little importance, but readers of the day would have understood their significance.  
In Heian Japan, letter and note-writing were art forms; paper was carefully selected, and after the note was written, usually in poetry, it was attached to something appropriate and sent with a good messenger (Morris 199-200).  