This is a diary of my trip to the 2008 Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems conference in Estoril, Portugal. This text was transcribed from a series of essays written, for the most part, in restaurants during my solo trip. I originally intended this to be a chronicle of the technical details of the conference itself, but I had so much to write about solely my travel experiences that I decided to separate my conference notes into its own article. 
As the majority of this travel diary is about what and where I ate, I guess the intended audience is foodies. I only realized this trend about half way through my writing, so I tried to make the second half of this diary decidedly more narrative, albeit still thematic. In general, I think this diary is a good restaurant guide for anyone traveling through Iberia, and hopefully an entertaining read at that. 
Enjoy! 
In order to save money and avoid a connection (US Airways does not have direct flights to/from Lisbon before May 14th), the plan is to fly from Philadelphia to Madrid, take the night train from Madrid to Lisbon, and then fly out from Lisbon directly back to Philadelphia. I am going to take an extra two days in Madrid to see the sights and catch a day trip to Toledo. This will be my second time to Madrid, second time to Toledo, second time to Estoril, and third time to Lisbon, so I don't really have to worry about packing in all of the "touristy" things; instead, I can focus on finding really good local food and checking out secondary sights like the local markets. 
I arrive at my hotel in Madrid at 09:00 CEST, quite tired, but having had a surprisingly good flight. My room is ready one hour later, and I decide-contrary to my usual jet lag avoidance strategy-to nap. I sleep for longer than expected: until 15:00. 
For those that have never been, Spain has somewhat of a unique sleeping and eating routine. First, it seems everyone wakes up no earlier than 09:00. Breakfast is small and light, with lots of coffee. Perhaps a pastry and drinking chocolate (more on that later). None of the independent stores or businesses seem to open until 11:00, or 10:00 at the absolute earliest. The stores close again at around 14:00 for siesta. Everything closes. Lunch is the largest meal of the day, only complete with at least three courses and accompanied by wine, it seems, and taken around 15:00 (but no earlier than 14:00). Shops open again around 17:00 and stay open until around 22:00. Dinner is usually relatively light, consisting of more drinks and perhaps tapas, at around 23:00. Restaurants don't even open until 21:00, at the very earliest. People usually go to bed around 02:00 or 03:00, and the cycle continues. It's, in my opinion, a very pleasurable schedule. 
The place has apparently been referred to as "El Comunista" by Madrileños since the 1930s.