Instability of Hegemony
	The current global environment is one of American Hegemony and many argue that countries’ leaders should accept this as serving the best interests of their country.  Proponents of this argument fail to take into account the inevitable decline on the hegemon, the benefits that the hegemon itself reaps, the fact that any hegemon is likely to be as beneficial to their country as America, and they also overestimate the stability offered by American Hegemony and hegemony in general.
	Many political scientists believe in cyclic theories of world leadership.  For example, George Modelski promotes his theory of long cycles in four stages.  In his theory, global war leads to the emergence of a world power that dominates a comprehensive peace agreement.  The hegemon then declines causing a decline in legitimacy, which leads to a break up of the country’s monopoly with a global war for the spoils.  Joshua Goldstein also has a theory that tracks the supposedly cyclic nature of hegemony through economic waves.  He proposes that increased production triggers competition for resources with militaries being the tool for competition.  The war for resources ends up consuming them causing a decline in production and military capability.  The peace that ensues then increases productivity renewing the cycle.  What is common to these theories is the eventual, inevitable decline of the current hegemonic power.  Robert Gilpin suggests that hegemonic decline is caused by the cost inherent in maintaining hegemonic control including military expenditures, financial support of allies, and policing minor conflicts worldwide.  The economic strain of hegemony leads to their eventual downfall from inability to maintain the system.  The warning signs of this decline are becoming visible in present day American Policy.   The staggering amount of debt the United States carries grows which each coming year and the world is beginning to become unstable as the United States is slowly becoming less capable of maintaining its monopoly on nuclear weapons.  The occupation of Iraq coupled with the police actions the United States participates in worldwide have spread the US military thin and challenger nations are beginning to smell blood in the water.  Thus, stating that American hegemony is the best system for foreign leaders to accept is clearly flawed for American hegemony will at some point collapse, and leaders should not want to drag their countries under with the United States.?	The United States reaps many benefits from being the singular dominating power in the world and world leaders would be foolish to ignore this fact.  Being the preeminent power in the world for the hegemon means that it dictates the global environment in a manner that is favorable for itself.  The unchecked power the United States wields allows it to take unilateral action worldwide as it did in Iraq.  The United States ability to take these actions is a threat to any power worldwide, and it also means that the United State’s dictated ideology must be accepted rather than under a multi-polar system.  In the bipolar cold war environment, those countries would disagree with American ideology could side with the USSR, but with only one global power countries are forced to accept American policy. 
