In any event, any country other than the United States accepting American hegemony is gifting the United States the advantages unipolarity presents to the hegemon.  Countries should not accept American hegemony but rather strive to improve themselves economically and militarily to either replace the United States as the hegemon or to place themselves on the same plane as it to create a multi-polar system that would be more beneficial to themselves than simple American hegemony.
	The idea behind simply accepting American hegemony is flawed in that the benefits of hegemony attributed to American hegemony are the same under any hegemon or in a multi-polar system.  The stability supposedly offered under a unipolar power would be offered under any unipolar power, including that of the hypothetical country accepting American hegemony.  In addition, as William Wohlforth notes the current unipolar system is stable because of the second tier states are not competing for great power status and an eventual chance at hegemony.  Thus, if there was no hegemon, and no country attempted to become one, the system would be just as stable and peaceful—this is idea behind balance of power.  Under a widely multi-polar system, any country that attempted to create hegemony would be checked by the other countries creating an equal playing field for most countries with no country having the power of a hegemon or footing the bill it entails.  Stability can be achieved in many different ways without succumbing to American hegemony.
	The argument for foreign countries accepting American hegemony is based upon the supposedly stability that unipolarity offers, however, many political scientists pose that unipolarity is inherently unstable.  As Christopher Layne writes in the Unipolar Illusion  “In a unipolar world, systematic constraints—balancing, uneven growth rates, and the sameness effect—impel eligible states (i.e. those with the capability to do so) to become great powers” and thus check the hegemon.  This rise of great powers erodes the power monopoly that the hegemon requires and thus leads to its downfall when it is no longer preeminent.  In the end, the fate of the United States will be no different, thus to bow before the American hegemony and make it the world emperor is completely foolish for an country that has its best interests in mind.  States cannot rely upon the United States to protect them in all instances.  Thus power and advancement is required which ultimately erodes the system from unipolarity into multi-polarity.
	World politics today is dominated by United States hegemony.  However, this will not always be the case.  Hegemons have come and gone over the centuries; the course of history has proved that it is not economically viable to maintain hegemony for an indefinite period of time.  In the end, a country’s best interest is always to serve itself above all others.  Perhaps not challenging American hegemony, but not just accepting it at face value.  All countries should make all efforts to advance themselves economically, politically and militarily.  This is the only way to ensure security and a wider range of strategic options in the future when the United States is no longer the globally dominating power it is today.
