Materialism’s Corrosion of Society
	David Guterson contends the way a culture views itself and the “condition of our souls” is reflected in its architecture.  Using this idea to judge the United States, American society is keen on material things.  Buildings have to be monolithic in scale; single buildings are becoming cities themselves.  Guterson chose a prime example, The Mall of America, as the centerpiece of his ”Enclosed. Encyclopedic. Endured. One Week at the Mall of America”.  Traditionally, marketplaces have been the “very soul of the community,” yet Guterson argues that the Mall is intentionally designed to serve no community purpose (83).  The mall plays psychological games with the consumers, confusing and disorienting them, creating an addiction or “catatonic obsession” with the place.  Guterson challenges the conceived notion of a Mall as simply an “urban place… with a variety of commercial and noncommercial function” but rather an institution covertly eroding the moral fiber of society through the death of the spirit of the communal traditional marketplace (92).  Using his own emotional responses from a visit to the Mall of America, metaphors, dialogue from persons within the mall, comprehensive analysis of the psychological effects of the Mall, factual research, overstatement, situational irony and ironic maxim, Guterson contends that materialism prevalent in America fosters an environment where centers like the Mall of America stand to destroy the very concept of community and replace it with a vast vacuous place where one can fill all of their material needs and lose oneself to a powerful controlled fantasy of miraculous proportions.  Guterson argues this in order to critique the American obsession with mass consumerism.
	Guterson presents the article as a personal narrative of his own trip to the Mall in order to put a human face to the extent to which the mall toys with the human psyche and to provide an emotional response rather than an entirely objective analysis.  In his last paragraph Guterson describes the mall from the roof by saying, “Standing on the Mall of America’s roof, where I had ventured to inspect its massive ventilation units, I finally achieved a full sense of its vastness, of how it overwhelmed the surrounding terrain—the last sheep farm in sight, the Mississippi River incidental in the distance” (92).  Providing his personal perspective portrays the “vastness of the mall” in a way that the litany of statistics that are also provided could not. Describing how the mall “overwhelmed” the countryside contributes to the point that the Mall of America aims to greatly affect the lives of people.  The fact that a commercial center is “overwhelming” the landscape lends itself to Guterson’s argument that materialism, inherent in a gigantic shopping complex, is corroding society.  The mall is not contributing to the community as the marketplaces of old are told to, but rather replacing it with its “vastness.”  The mentioning of “the last sheep farm in sight” is a device to display how the mall has replaced the producing elements of the society while the massive Mississippi river, now simply “incidental” is again “overwhelmed” by the mall.  
