The mall does not simply aim to provide the community with low price shopping opportunities; it takes the space as its own.  This first person perspective displays how the mall’s size is affecting people’s perspective.  Statistics about the malls size cannot fully explain its size and for this reason Guterson uses his own view.  Guterson’s personal view used in the article to amplify the size of the mall furthers his point and supports his claim that the mall serves only its own needs rather than those of the community.
Guterson uses dramatic overstatement to enhance his argument of the ridiculously large size of the mall that is part of its psychological effect. Guterson writes:
The new malls will be planets unto themselves, closed off from this world in the manner of space stations or of science fiction’s underground cities.  Like the Mall of America and West Edmonton Mall—prototypes for a new generation of shopping centers—they will project a separate and distinct reality in which an ‘outdoor café’ is not outdoors, a ‘bubbling brook’ is a concrete water course and a ‘serpentine street’ is a hallway (91-92)
The word “planets” is used to mean a self-contained structure, however Guterson uses it to elicit images of massive celestial bodies.  This response is further elicited by the use of “space stations,” and by the use of “underground cities” brings the view back to the planet Earth making it more realistic than an orbiting mall space station.  Guterson does not contend that malls in the future are going to be in space or underground but rather that they will be their own “separate and distinct reality,” and Guterson contends that the beginnings of this is found in the Mall of America.  Its size allows it to overwhelm the senses as to “project” its own “reality.”  The examples of an “outdoor café,” a “bubbling brook” and a “serpentine street” are placed to display how perceptions of reality can be altered due to the size of a thing.  In addition, the word “prototype” portrays the mall as the product of intense thought and design, as well as something that can be easily reproduced and manufactured. This dramatic overstatement of the mall’s size and intent advances Guterson’s portrayal of the mall as a symbol of American Materialism.
	 The various statistics that Guterson places throughout the article provide factual credence to the overpowering nature of the mall and how the American people have become focused on the trivial details.  At the beginning of the article, he provides some of the fun facts that the public-relations department of the mall gave him as a reporter such as “140,000 hot dogs sold each week, 10,000 permanent jobs, 44 escalators and 17 elevators, 12,750 parking spaces, 13,300 short tones of steel…” (81).  These are the facts given to the reporters that come to write about the mall. Reporters are given insignificant numerical statistics about the composition of the building, making it “’the largest fully enclosed combination retail and family entertainment complex in the United States’” (qtd in 81).   
