Guterson uses the statistics in numeral form because they appear larger that way, which serves his view of the mall has facetiously large.  He also makes note of the complex as “combination retail and family entertainment.”  The fact that mall is not only retail but also “family entertainment” is important to Guterson’s argument.  The combination makes the claim that buying things and entertainment are inexorably linked.  
By citing the Mall of America’s own PR propaganda, Guterson uses the malls own public image department to display the false luring image the mall puts forth.  The mall does make many attempts to enhance its public image: a recycling center that claims to recycle eighty percent of the mall’s considerable refuse; Camp Snoopy’s landscaping is maintained by integrated pest management; the mall even had a mass wedding to make it more part of community (90-91).  All of these turn out to be as lacking in substance as the statistics that given in the public-relations package.  The Recycling facility is run at a loss of profit using employees paid less than minimum wage recycling less than a third of the garbage produced by the mall, Camp Snoopy’s landscape is maintained by massive amounts of pesticide, and the Wedding according to Reverend Delton Krueger may have only served to “trivialize religion” (91).  Guterson is arguing that the fact that these fantasies are maintained to the eyes of the public is a testament to the fact that the mall is an entity unto itself for being capable of maintaining such a screen of propaganda against the prying eyes of the new media.  Yet, in the eleven thousand articles that the Mall Press kit says have been written about the mall, never has their been an outcry of the public to reform the deplorable conditions present in the basement recycling facility or explicit lies told by the Camp Snoopy landscape department.  Guterson is saying that American society has become so focused on the positive aspects that the mall seemingly gives—low-price retail shopping, family entertainment, and the good old American fun time—that the astoundingly horrible conditions inside have become clouded.  Supplying news is itself a business.  They publish what they feel the public wants to read.  Thus it follows that the press feel that Americans are so engrossed in their marvelous mall that they do not wish to read about the horrible conditions inside.  The use of the public relations department of the Mall and the media releases that follow it by Guterson furthers his argument that Materialism that the mall advances is corroding society.
	Guterson uses metaphor throughout the text to enhance his image of the mall as a “monolithic and imposing” structure that is posed to multiply around the world completely killing the sense of community on a global scale (92).  The Mall is metaphorically portrayed in the final line by saying “throngs of my fellow citizens caroused happily in the vast entrails of the beast” (92) and earlier by saying the mall “loomed brightly against the Minnesota night sky with the disturbing magnetism of a mirage” (81).  
