Depicting the mall as a “beast,” makes it seem dangerous, possessing some ability to strike at people.  If Guterson simply wanted to portray it as a living creature, he may have used a word such as “animal” but beast implies some degree of savagery.  Saying the mall “loomed” also portrays the mall hovering imposingly above, attempting to manipulate their lives.  Calling it a “mirage” also foreshadows the following exposure of the lies presented by the mall to hide the reality of the psychological narcotic of the mall environment.  One of the people to whom Guterson talked called it “a sickness. It’s like cocaine or something; it’s a drug” (83).  This person realizes what the mall does and enjoys it.  It’s portrayed as if the “cocaine” as she calls it is almost good for them as she said, “we egg each other on.” The reference to the magnetism of the mall as “disturbing” gives an early impression of Guterson’s view of the mall as not simply what it claimed to be but rather a harmful presence. Guterson’s use of metaphor serves to augment his portrayal of the mall as threatening, and his argument that the mall is increasing the spread of the ideals of materialism and consumerism in global society.
	Guterson lays out the philosophy underlying how the mall was constructed in an ironic maxim that he even italicizes for emphasis: “if you build it fun, they will come” (86). He does this in order to display how the mall aims to trivialize important aspects of society into a catchphrase.  This rhymed version is a play on the old “If you build it, they will come,” but the addition of “fun” shows how much American society has been tainted.  American culture has been reduced to a marketing strategy that talks nothing of the quality of the retail experience of the mall or the contributions it should make to the community, but rather that it needs to be “fun.”  Guterson is arguing that American society has become transfixed upon the trivial rather than the substantive.  He claims that the builders of the mall “fell back on an ancient truth… that shopping and frivolity go hand in hand and inherently symbiotic” (86).  Thus, the architects of the mall have exploited the “ancient truth” to a new extent.  The size of the mall itself is a verification of the extent to which the masterminds of the Mall have made the mall frivolous in an attempt to increase their bottom line.  It has taken up a miraculous amount of countryside that used to be occupied by the sheep farms that were the livelihood of the Minnesota landscape.  It shows how much the focus of American society has shifted from the rational to the irrational size that is the Mall of America.  A narrator explains this idea by saying “The name alone conjures up images of greatness, of a retail complex so magnificent it could only happen in America” (qtd. in 84).   In context, the quote directly implies that “America” and “images of greatness” are directly related.  
