Now not only is the materialism prevalent in the United States manifested in frivolity, but in delusions of grandeur.   It’s a “retail complex” so ridiculous it “could only [be built] in America.”  It’s a simple truth that people want to have fun.  Thus, the idea that fun and frivolity are inexorably linked to retail shopping proposed by Guterson shows that society has become linked to material possessions and Guterson argues that this is a major cause of the degradation of society.
	Guterson portrays the mall in a religious light in order to highlight the extent to which the Mall has invaded American society.  Guterson writes that the mall is “a place simultaneously iconic and totemic, a revered symbol of the United States and a mecca to which the faithful would flock in pursuit of all things purchasable” (84).  This statement adds several key dimensions to the symbolism of the mall.  By calling the mall “totemic,” Guterson adds a tribal mystique to the mall.  Making the mall a totem makes it religiously revered.  Calling it “iconic” adds a more enduring secular angle on the mall.  However, calling the mall a “mecca” adds the definite religious aspect to the mall by following mecca with the word “faithful” solidifying the religious symbolism.  Mecca is the holiest place in the Islamic religion and by striking a comparison between it and the mall Guterson refers to the place in society the mall has achieved.  Guterson portrays shopping as practically a religion to show how pervasive materialism is in American society.  
Guterson also uses irony when discussing the movie Dawn of the Dead by describing the living dead that attacked the people hiding in the mall as “sentient corpses who had not relinquished their attraction to indoor shopping” in order to illustrate how ludicrous the idea of the mall is (85).  This brings a new dimension to light of the extent to which acquisitive values have pervaded our society.  Guterson is implying that even in death the attraction to places of this sort is present, it being the single most value prevalent during life that it remained in them even after death.  This allusion also strikes a comparison of mall shoppers to the living dead.  Guterson implies in that shoppers are barely sentient of there actions.  They simply have a catatonic obsession with the mall that they cannot “relinquish.”  The situational irony present in Guterson’s article is an integral part of his exposé of how ridiculous the scale of the Mall of America is, and of how the American culture of mass consumerism and materialism accepts and reveres it. 
	The dialogue between Guterson and a couple of Mall of America customers is a perfect example of people inside the mall that are completely enthralled by the psychological effects of the mall.  These women named Kathleen and Laura said things like “I’m constantly suffering from megamall withdrawal.  I come here all the time” and “I just need to be here.  If I buy something it’s an added bonus” (83).  
