The mall is not even really a place to shop for them.  It’s become “a sickness” or a drug “like cocaine or something” (83).  These people have become addicted to the atmosphere of the mall, the so-called “fun” that mall owners fell back upon when building it.  One of the women characterized other malls as “so small and boring” (83).  This sentence relates “small” to “boring” implying that the lack of monstrous size makes the mall less enjoyable. The Mall of America not only is biggest retail center in the United States, but it had to be a family fun center as well to increase the erosion of the “purity of spirit” that Guterson refers to (83).  The alleged family fun center inside the mall allows the mall to lure more people inside so it may play its psychological games.  One person interviewed by Guterson went so far as to say “I am the mall.” This person felt some influenced by the mall she said she’d move there if she could bring her dog (83).  The mall again was not simply a shopping center to her anymore, but in a way her second home.  The conversation that Guterson had with these women shows more much more the mall as become to these women and possibly quite a number more people like them, and using the conversation with people inside the mall. Guterson shows the perspective not only of himself but also from people who frequent the mall, depicting how the mall has altered their psyche and perceptions of reality.
 	Guterson explicitly defines how he views the mall in the concluding by saying “This carefully controlled fantasy—now operable in Minnesota—is so powerful as to inspire psychological addiction or to elicit in visitors a catatonic obsession with the mall’s various hallucinations” (92).  Guterson refers to the mall alliteratively as a “carefully controlled fantasy” because he views the mall no longer as a retail complex but much more.  All Guterson’s figurative depictions of the mall come to a culmination in this line.  The entire article displays how the people within have a “psychological addiction” to the mall itself as is present in one interviewee’s response that she could possibly live there if weren’t for her dog, or how people have the “catatonic obsession” with the vastness of the mall as displayed by the woman who called other malls “so small and boring.”  Guterson explicitly says his argument in the end to solidly reinforce his ideas in his conclusion.
	Guterson uses various rhetorical strategies such as metaphors, irony, statistics, dialogue from people inside the mall and his own emotional responses to establish and augment his claim that the Mall has a psychological effect on people and that through this effect it is spreading the ideals of mass consumerism and materialism.  Through exposing the lies in the Mall’s own public relations propaganda and the media’s less than deep analysis of the mall, Guterson supports his claim that despite how the mall is depicted by it’s own PR department and the media, the Mall of America is actually a detriment to society rather than family friendly environment that it tends to project. 
