Guterson writes this article about the mall not simply to expose the fraud of the mall but rather to critique the expansion of global mass consumerism. Guterson attempts to elicit thought by the global community on the effects that malls such as the Mall of America are having on the sense of community and how the mall replaces cooperative spirit of the open market place with strip mall mentality of rampant capitalism.  Guterson establishes that the Mall of America and other massive retail and family entertainment centers should merit rethinking and evaluation of what community need they actually serve.
Imposed Morality and the Self
	The decade between 1960 and 1970 recently is the target intense scrutiny and inevitably widespread misconception.  In the age that saw the proliferation of the television set and the nuclear bomb, many search for a cause to a multiplying number of social and political problems.  Correct or incorrect, this modern discourse seems to have found a time period to attribute blame and a basic reasoning for changes that The portrayal of the Vietnam War on the growing number of family household television sets in the 1960s caused disillusionment with the American political and social structure.  This failure caused the genesis of a generation without respect for authority, because the authority figures lacked conviction with the atrocities they committed—the Vietnam War, the A-bomb.  The 60s generation birthed its own radically different conception of the state and the self without the guidance of previous generations.  This rapid shift caused a cascading failure in “traditional” values unprecedented in American History.  Modern individual’s altered perceptions result in a popular culture—supposedly indicative of the culture as a whole—that allows prurient and demeaning publications, and subsequently causes a reactionary movement willing to impose morality at all costs.  Robert Bork and Joan Didion use metaphors and logical fallacies in this framework in their works Slouching towards Gomorrah and Slouching towards Bethlehem, respectively, to establish differing arguments of causality for what some perceive to be the generation responsible for the degradation of modern society.
	Didion maintains that the 1960s marked a time in history when parents failed to impose upon the next generation the social norms that bind and constrict society.  Because of the tumultuous social climate in the sixties, parents failed to socialize their children.  In the opening paragraph of the essay, Didion writes “Adolescents drifted from city to torn city, sloughing off both the past and the future as snakes shed their skin, children who were never taught and would never now learn the games that held society together.  People were missing.  Children were missing.  Parents were missing.  Those left behind filed desultory missing-persons reports, then moved on themselves” (84).  The slightly redundant epistrophe of “were missing” not only emphasizes the fact that people were literally missing because of the Vietnam War and the draft, but it also evokes point that hippies social values were missing.  The snake simile enhances how dead and irrelevant the passage of time has become to the 60s generation.  
