Time and age are an important concept that seems completely lost on the hippie generation.  Didion metaphorically represents society as a set of games holding it together.  Games have rules required for their play.  Thus, it follows that failure to instruct persons of rules prevents them from playing.  Yet, at the same time, referring to society as a “game” mockingly oversimplifies the complexities of the human culture.  This oversimplification allows Didion to make the contention that lack of childhood development is the sole factor in the development of the hippie culture.  This is the basis for Didion’s claim that the 1960s is an era distinct in American history and thus relevant for study.
	So that failure to socialize a generation can cause such a radical shift, Didion also argues that people are the result of the environment factors inherent to a society and thus society is at fault for the lack of socialization resulting in a surge of individualism in the hippie generation.  This is evident when Didion is describing this man “ Deadeye has a clear evangelistic gaze and the reasonable rhetoric of a car salesman.  He is society’s model product.  I try to meet his gaze directly because once he told me he could read character in people’s eyes, particularly if he has just dropped acid, which he did about nine this morning” (107).  The comparison of Deadeye to a car salesperson accentuates Didion’s metaphor that people are the product of their society by eliciting thoughts of a production line that produces motor vehicles.  It follows from the metaphor used by Didion that Deadeye is society’s “model product” that society in fact produces the people that compose it.  Yet, it seems clear by the prevailing social norms to which people such as Bork would have us subscribe that Deadeye is far from perfect as Didion mentions his drug use.  Didion uses this to not only say that the failure of socialization by society is the cause for the prevalent use of drugs, but also that drug use perhaps is not prima facie immorality.
	More specifically, Didion makes the case that society implants social values into its citizenry on an unconscious level.  Thus, people are unaware of what society has embedded into their psyche, clouding the distinction between original thought and implanted social normalcy.  This is alluded to when Didion is discussing Barbara and says “Whenever I hear about the woman’s trip, which is often, I think a lot about nothin’-says-lovin’-like-something-from-the-oven and the Feminine Mystique and how it is possible for people to be the unconscious instruments of values they would strenuously reject on a conscious level, but I do not mention this to Barbara” (113).  The antithesis of “conscious” and “unconscious” enhances the contrast to which Didion is exclaiming exists between personally held values, and values imposed by society.  Didion’s allusion to the Betty Friedan’s The Feminine Mystique adds the sociopolitical dimension to the hippie position that she obviously feels is lacking in the contemporary analysis of the generation.  
