She feels that the 60s sociopolitical message was unduly clouded by the concurrent shift in social norms.  Yet, by the previous statement “nothin’-says-lovin’-like-something-from-the-oven” is acknowledging that Barbara has fallen into the classic gender role in which society would place her.  This makes it seem that despite the failure of indoctrination by the previous generation, the gender role she assumes comes naturally rather than through intense socialization.  The allusion to Friedan’s work reminds the reader of the social conditions for women that Friedan advocates, to which Barbara is obviously not adhering.  This is despite her intentional aversion to the normalcy of previous generations.
	Didion reasons that the cascading failure to socialize the “hippie generation” actually caused the creation of two distinct societies, which are unable to understand each other.  The two generations of people that existed in the 1960s were dissimilar to an extent that their sets of values were incommunicable to the other.  Didion refers to this when she talks about the established generation’s media’s attempt to understand the next by saying “This last, or they’re-trying-to-tell-us-something approach, reached its apogee in a Time cover story which revealed that the hippies ‘scorn money—they call it ‘bread’’ and remains the most remarkable, if unwitting, extant evidence that the signals between the generations are irrevocably jammed” (122).  The metaphor of literal communication between generations explicates Didion’s point of “transmission failure” between generations.  It also makes “morality” a tangible object transferable from generation to generation, which is a point that she is arguing.  Another example of the miscommunication between generations is a poem posted on a wall by Marla Pence:
Last Easter Day/ My Christopher Robin wandered away/ He called April 10th/ But he hasn’t called since/ He said he was coming home/ But he hasn’t shown/ If you see him on Haight/Please tell him not to wait/ I need him now/ I don’t care how/ If he needs the bread/ I’ll send it ahead/ If there’s still hope/Please write me a note/ If he’s still there/ Tell him how much I care/ Where he’s at I need to know/ For I really love him so!  (86) 
Didion does not transition into or out of this poem; she just has it interjected in the middle of her prose.  The poem contains a very simple eloquent rhyme scheme that obviously fails to appeal to the hippie generation.  Her portrayal of her son as “Christopher Robin” alluding to Disney’s “Winnie the Pooh,” assumes an innocence that a child that ran away from home quite some distance, considering the home address listed after the poem, obviously does not possess.  These striking gaps in the logic behind the poem’s writer serve Didion’s point to illustrate the generations do not understand each other.
Explaining why there was a failure to socialize the next generation, Didion asserts that the established culture in the 1960s failed to realize the extent to which their message was irreconcilable to the next generation because of the social issues in the background during the time.  
