This becomes apparent when she writes: 
Once we had seen these children, we could no longer overlook the vacuum, no longer pretend that the society’s atomization could be reversed.  This was not a traditional generational rebellion.  At some point between 1945 and 1967 we had somehow neglected to tell these children the rules of the game we happened to be playing.  Maybe we had stopped believing in the rules ourselves, maybe we were having a failure of nerve about the game.  Maybe there were just too few people around to do the telling.  (122-123)
The anaphora of “maybe” accentuates the confusion inherent in the 1960s and in the explanation of what the hippies were attempting to accomplish.  The anaphora of “no longer” emphasizes her point that ignorance existed about social problems and it came to an abrupt end.  The metaphor of the game symbolizing social values requires that society have certain rules that the next generation is not following.  Didion is arguing that society polarized into two groups, hence “atomization” and the “vacuum” created between the two groups, one playing her game and one not, which when applied to the fact that Didion is using “the game” as a metaphor for society implies that hippies fail to have rules for their society.  Didion argues that hippies are not revolting against society as many contend but rather just have no knowledge of society and its rules.
Didion argues that the ‘hippie’ generation evolved in a different manner than the previous generations because society was negligent in its social and philosophical instruction meaning that “hippies” received a crash course in the worst portions of society published in the media rather than a true look in society.  This is expressed when she states “They [hippies] are less in rebellion against society than ignorant of it, able only to feed back certain of its most publicized self-doubts, Vietnam, Saran-Wrap, diet pills, the Bomb” (123).  Asyndeton in the final words of the sentence along with italicization creates a dramatic effect emphasizing their purpose of illuminating cultural, political and social issues prevalent in the 60s—an unjust costly war on foreign soil, the imposed image of a woman “homemaker,” undue focus on self-image and body shape, and a weapon so powerful and so plentiful that the destruction of the entire planet became a possibility, respectively.  The ellipsis of “they are” creates a disruption in the sentence drawing attention to the failure of the hippies to truly understand the terms they are using.  All of the italicized words used by Didion are random references to popular developments of the sixties, but she contends that hippies have no real understanding of the things behind them.  The words hardly are even related.  Vietnam and the Bomb obviously refer to the war in Vietnam and the military power that America had become, specifically the proliferation of nuclear weapons.  These things define the causes of the failing in the hippie generation.  However, Saran-Wrap is hardly a social failure of the 1960s.  
