Neither exactly are diet pills, but they represent highly publicized words indicative of the society.  This is used to illustrate that the hippies have little or no knowledge of what they are speaking, but are rather just regurgitating the social critiques from the media.  The hippies are cast outs from a society that never instructed them properly.
	 Analyzing the modern reactions to the consequences of the Sixties, Didion argues that the reactionary movement to the individualism of the 1960s causes blind morality in a culture.  Didion states this in her minor essay “On Morality” when she writes, “Because when we start deceiving ourselves into thinking not that we want something or need something, not that it is a pragmatic necessity for us to have it, but that it is a moral imperative that we have it, then is when we join the fashionable madmen, and then is when the thin whine of hysteria is heard in the land, and then is when we are in bad trouble, And I suspect we are already there” (163).  The anaphora of the homoioteleutonic phrase—having words with similar endings in parallel accentuating rhythm—“then is when” emphasizes her frame of time that collapses at the end when she introduces that she suspects those events have already occurred.  The anaphora of “not that” introduces her string of negations.  Didion feels that morality is not simply the norms of a society, but rather innate senses of right and wrong.  When social normalcy and proper morality become synonymous, she feels that the downfall of society comes.  Using morality as an excuse for social change as she sees it is a warning sign for morality is a loaded word.  People blindly follow what has popularly become “morally correct” and thus involving morality in politics creates the framework for the downfall of democracy.  Serving as an example of this, She feels that calling the hippies immoral intentionally discredits their social and political statements.  She warns of writers like Robert Bork who would use morality to concentrate on social change and pinpoint the 60s as the critical moment in which society made its final plunge into the depths.
	In contrast to Didion, Bork begins with arguing that popular music is the result of the 1960s generation that lapsed from social normalization.  In comparing lyrics from then present and in the 1930s Bork cites what he calls “words of romantic music” from the song “The Way You Look Tonight” and compares them to Snoop Doggy Dogg’s song “Horny” “[proclamation] to ‘music’ without melody” (123).  Bork demonstrates a sufficient lack of historical context in the first song.  The words from the song “The Way You Look Tonight” when they were sung were highly controversial.  Thus, his contemporaries would slander him for presenting them in such an elevated sense of comparison.  In addition, he places the word “music” in quotation marks in an attempt to question its claim to be even music.  He does this in an attempt to mock the quality of its artistic content, and put its value in further doubt. 
