However, his reference to Nine Inch Nail lyrics in the next line makes it unclear whether Bork has himself listened to the songs.  He claims “Even the expurgated version published by the Washington Post gives some idea of how rapidly popular culture is sinking into barbarism” (123).  Using the amended version of the lyrics posted by a newspaper is hardly using the lyrics themselves.  Bork is using second hand information as a basis for an intellectual argument.  The use of the lyrics in general is an attempt to shock the reader.  The obviously sexually explicit lyrics are an attempt to generalize all modern culture in one profane song, especially when compared to song from quite a different time.  Bork’s appeals to modern music lyrics are a poor attempt to interpret music by social norms of a “golden age” of values and even this attempt is marred by using of a heavily edited version of the song.
	  Extending his claim from popular music to a different spectrum, Bork contends that prurient material over the Internet, caused by an altered perception of the self is causing the degradation of society.  He writes that, “The individualistic component of liberalism incessantly presses against the limits set by a culture’s sense of decency and shame.  In America, and perhaps in the nations of the West generally, the limits have been stretched to, and perhaps beyond, the breaking point” (133).  The personification of the “limits” set by a society allows Bork to explore the effects he perceives of individualism.  Bork accuses a “liberal” point of view for what he perceives as society’s problems, blaming individualism for allowing material that he feels somehow degrades society.  In the final sentence of the quote, Bork might even go as far as to say that society has broken.  Bork says that “Language is increasingly vulgar,” but “vulgar” is just a term society uses for what it considers to be to risqué for the times (127).  Every generation, back to the time when the song he references “The Way You Look Tonight” premiered, thought that the references made in cutting-edge music were vulgar.  Bork is bases his argument on the pretension that at some point there was a time when there was no “vulgar” language or ‘music’ that was bad for society.  This presumption of a golden time just simply is false.  Thus, Bork’s argument that individualism is causing the downfall of society has been occurring throughout history and nothing in the present seems to demonstrate that Bork claims of social downfall are any different from those throughout history.
	In an attempt to explain the causes of depravity in modern culture, Bork exclaims that that today’s social problems have roots in the sixties and then cascaded downwards from there.  In a paragraph arguing television’s influence on the decline of political and familial authority he writes:
The military suffered a great fall in prestige beginning in the Sixties.  Law enforcement officials are now shown as corrupt and as likely to commit creams as anyone else is, but criminals are portrayed sympathetically.  
