This has begun to change.  Police and prosecutors are now more often seen as heroes, which, it has been suggested may be due to the widespread and justified fear of crime in this society.  (127)
Bork makes the claim that law enforcement officials somehow sustained damage in the 1960s with the military but entirely fails to provide any evidence of the connection between law enforcement and the military or provide justification for his claim the military failed due to the war.  The military did suffer damage to their prestige due to the major losses during the Vietnam War, but it is a non sequitur to assume this lack in prestige is some how reflected upon police.  Another assumption made is that the crime rate increased because of this prestige loss.  He claims a “widespread and justified fear of crime” while tendering no supporting evidence thus attempting to make an unfounded connection between the Sixties generation and an increase in crime.  Bork also fails to notice that the portrayal of law enforcement officials in a negative way may be a reflection of the ever-increasing number of abuse cases involving law enforcement officials.  Tragedies like the Rodney King beating make law enforcement officials subject to more scrutiny than before, not because social transformation in the 1960s but because of a realization that they are human and thus fallible.  Bork’s reliance upon the 1960s as explanation for the loss of prestige in the American justice system is not justifiable when considering the palpable damage law enforcement caused itself within the blatant violations of civil rights.
	Making his argument solvent, Bork infers that popular culture is a sine qua non of social structure and thus he takes the direction of popular culture to be indicative of the culture itself.  There is evidence of this when he writes “Popular entertainment sells sex, pornography, violence, vulgarity, attacks on traditional forms of authority, and outright perversion more copiously and more insistently than ever before in our history.  It is no answer to point out that much of popular culture is benign.  The culture has changed, is changing, and the change is for the worse.  The worst is the leading edge” (126).  This is a slippery slope fallacy in that the current popular culture is not necessarily indicative of the future and Bork uses the leading edge—the worst cases—as examples of what he contends is pervasive in society.  Bork infers from his list of perceived lapses in society that the downfall of society is inevitable from the prevalence of sex, drugs and rock and roll and even goes on to say that even television undermines legitimate authority.  He writes “Though it cannot begin to match rap, TV undermines authority in gentler ways” (127).  This is making the contention that undermining some authority figures is contributing to moral decline.  He links the “strict father” model of a conservative political society with his conceptions of morality.  This connection between liberalism and amoral behavior is not existent and Bork fails to provide any evidence to support this claim.
