	In another illogical argument, Bork makes a connection between democratic liberal values and the downfall of American culture and perceived moral decline most likely for purely political reasons.  Bork writes in his concluding paragraph that “The upshot is that American popular culture is in a free fall, with the bottom not yet in sight.  This is what the liberal view of human nature has brought us to.  The idea that me are naturally rational, moral creatures without the need for strong external restraints has been exploded by experience” (139).  Bork associates liberalism for what he metaphorically represents as a bottomless pit in which American culture is declining.  Never in his paper does he definitively connect the tenets of liberalism with his perceived notions of morality other than to say that liberals promote individualism that is allowing the horrible lyrics and provocative television.  Bork also claims that the idea of humans naturally possessing morals and thinking rationally “has been exploded by experience” but entirely fails to provide examples.  He is linking conservative ideology of imposing a strict authority upon others to a good moral code, and assuming that liberalism is de facto immoral.  Bork’s paper wholly fails to make his connection between morality and authority.
	Both authors present an argument that links social change to the 1960s and even agree to what facilitated the changes, and what changes actually occurred.  However, they disagree as to the consequences these changes have on modern society.  Didion’s work implicitly goes beyond the drugs and the sex to see a movement of individualism and self-discovery that authors such as Bork would have abruptly obstructed.  Bork’s approach is one of legislating morality and imposition of censorship, but as Didion notes this only leads to people unable to critically make their own decisions.  Morality is an internal system that differentiates fundamental right from fundamental wrong, but when this discretion comes solely from imposed socialization, citizens become less able to make decisions that fall outside bounds dictated to them.  The medium between the decadence and freedom Didion portrays of the Sixties, and the governmental dictatorship of morals and values preached by Bork is essential for a society to achieve social and political stability.
Political Nature of Spectacular Justice
	Though separated by nearly four centuries, the conceptions by Niccolo Machiavelli and Michel Foucault of the absolute power of a sovereign are remarkably similar.  However, the men differ in their conceptions of how and why to exercise this power.  Machiavelli’s ideal prince uses his power, gained through virtu, to create empire where his power is feared yet ideally there should exist some love for the marvelous sovereign.  In contrast, the Foucauldian sovereign’s power derives from the absolute power of life and death through punishment that must be respected by those over which he rules.
	  Machiavelli’s prince possesses an ascendant culmination of values that he calls virtu.  Translated in to English virtu can mean prudence, foresight, ability, prowess, and virility among other things.  Machiavelli writes, “the founders of new states have immense difficulties to overcome, and dangers beset their path, dangers they must overcome by skill and strength of purpose [virtu].  
