But, once they have overcome them, and they have begun to be idolized, having got rid of those who were jealous of their superior qualities, they are established, they are powerful, secure, honored, happy” (Original 20).  A key part of Machiavelli’s idea of a prince is becoming “idolized.”  He describes many ways of achieving dominion over a principality, but in the end whether it is by providence or skill an instillation of fear in the citizenry—and eliminating those too powerful or too prideful to submit—without becoming hated.
	Foucault’s paper is mainly on the distribution of punishment, its progression, and its ends.  However, he does describe his perceived proper relation between the sovereign and exaction of the law upon who break it.  Foucault asserts, “Besides its immediate victim, the crime attacks the sovereign: it attack him physically, since the force of the law is the force of the prince” (Original 47).  This conception makes the prince personally responsible for maintaining all order in a principality and any break it in is an affront to the prince, in body and power.  Thus, punishment to Foucault is to exemplify the “dissymmetry between the subject who has dared to violate the law and the all-powerful sovereign who displays his strength…carried out in such a way as to give a spectacle not of measure but of imbalance and excess…an emphatic affirmation of power and of its intrinsic superiority” (Original 49).  A Foucauldian sovereign maintains an absolutely monopoly on power and in unafraid to exact his vengeance upon those to suffer to oppose it.
	The two sovereigns come into contrast when the reasoning for exaction of power comes into question.  For example, Machiavelli writes, “fear restrains men because they are afraid of punishment, and this fear never leaves them” (Original 52).  This is a classic idea of the reasoning for spectacular justice.  The exaction of punishment upon criminals in the public eye will serve as a deterrent because they will become afraid.  However, Foucault sees punishment differently.  He writes “torture was not an economy of example…but a policy of terror: to make everyone aware, through the body of the criminal, of the unrestrained presence of the sovereign” (Original 49).  By saying “not an economy of example,” Foucault is making the point that his portrayal of punishment is not so show an “example” to the people, but simply to make a reassertion of the sovereign’s power.  If crime is a physical attack on the sovereign as Foucault contends, then the sovereign must exact punishment on the criminal for this affront.  As Foucault writes, “It [public execution] is a ceremonial by which a momentarily injured sovereignty is reconstituted” (Original 48).  Punishment to Foucault has nothing to do with maintenance of justice through fear, but simply the restitution of power to the sovereign through vengeance.
	Furthermore, Machiavelli's prince is always towing the line between compassion, fear and hatred in order to maintain power, while Foucault’s sovereign simply maintains power through the exaction of incommensurate vengeance.  
