1. Concepts About Student Development Theory
	The phrase “student development theory” is not something I thought about before I came into the College Student Personnel program.  I knew that I wanted to work with students and that I wanted to help shape them and be a mentor and role model for them while they were in college but I hadn’t give much credence to what student development really meant.  I think that one important concept I have learned about student development theory is that it can actually be applied to real life situations.  I always thought of theory as a Ming vase on a shelf.  It was pleasing to the eye but I couldn’t really do anything with it.  The experiences that I have had with the students I’ve worked with this year have shown me that theory can be put to practice and it can actually help students.
	I have seen theories unfolding before my eyes.  An example of this is with the student organizations I work with.  I have seen a slow progression from students being dualistic thinkers to relativistic thinkers.  It is very encouraging to see students take the support that I provide and use it to help in their own development.  I have enjoyed seeing the students ask questions and search out the answers rather giving them the answers myself. 
Student development can occur in many different departments on campus.  When I began the program last semester, I had a narrow view of where students can receive student development.  My background is in student activities and I hadn’t thought much about other functional areas.  Through my experiences and those of my cohort I have realized that student development can be achieved through any student affairs office.  It can occur in athletic academic advising, residence life, the counseling center, admissions office and more.  All of these functional areas can utilize the different theories we learned about in class and put them to practice.
	Another important concept that I hadn’t really thought much about was that people have multiple identities.  A student isn’t just a student but could be a parent, a son or daughter, an employee, an athlete, a student leader, a brother or a sister.  There are several parts to a person’s identity.  A student might deal with his or her identity as a black student or as a bisexual as well as all those other identities.  Realizing that people have multiple identities and that I can help integrate those identities is something new to me.  I think that many times we look at people superficially without delving beneath the surface and without realizing that there is more than meets the eye.  Things are not always what they seem to be and as a student affairs professional, it is my responsibility to dig a little deeper when working with students.
	A third important concept about student development theory is that it was designed by real people and many of those people are still around expanding their theories and looking at how to apply them to different student populations.  
