The research is constantly being updated and new theories are being developed.  This is actually exciting and the idea that I have could have access to many of the theorists is very inspiring.  I attended a session presented by Marcia Baxter Magolda at the NASPA and ACPA Joint Conference and was impressed by her dedication to the field.  As I mentioned previously I always viewed theory as being untouchable and never gave much thought to the people who designed the theories.  The background on the theorists put my feelings about theory into a new perspective and reinforced that it really is theory to practice.  
2. Terry’s Dilemma
A. My Assumptions
	When I first read the scenario about Terry’s situation, I immediately assumed that Terry was a white man of traditional college age whose sexual orientation was heterosexual.  I also got the impression that he was from a wealthy family.  I made these assumptions because typically it seems that males, more so than females go to medical school to become doctors.  This is a field that has been primarily dominated by males.  I assumed that Terry was of traditional college age as this doesn’t seem to be a field that people decide to do later in life because of the lengthy education needed to practice medicine.  
I assumed that Terry was heterosexual until I read the paragraph where he is questioning his sexual orientation because I automatically consider heterosexuality to be the “typical” sexual orientation.  I assumed that Terry was white because it seems that the medical profession is also dominated by whites and socio-economic status is presumed to be better for Caucasians.  This also plays into the assumption that I thought Terry was from a wealthy family because the amount of money needed for medical school is extensive and because his uncle is on the board of Meredith Grey University, which sounds like a prestigious university.  I tried to check on the internet but couldn’t find any university with that name but I did find a connection to the popular television show Grey’s Anatomy, which is where the idea for the name may have originated from!
B. Applying the Theory
	Student development theories can be used to help understand Terry’s issues and perspectives.  He seems to be struggling with several parts of his identity and these theories can be useful in offering helpful ideas on how Terry can cope with his feelings.
	Psychosocial Theories. In Chickering’s Theory of Identity Development, several vectors can be used to apply to Terry’s situation (Evans, Forney, and Guido-DiBrito, 1998).  The vector of Developing Purpose is useful in looking at Terry’s vocational goals.  He has always wanted to be a doctor but his grades aren’t as good as he wants them to be and he received a rejection letter from the last medical school he applied to.  His uncle can pull strings but it seems important to Terry that he get into medical school based on his own accomplishments.  Recognizing that Terry is struggling with developing a purpose and helping him establish what that is can help him in this area.
