	The vector of Managing Emotions can also be used for Terry (Evans et al., 1998).  He is unsure of his sexual feelings.  He has portrayed himself as a heterosexual but is having feelings for other men.  He has a fiancée who is expecting to marry him after he graduates.  From what Terry conveyed, his mother would not approve of his homosexual feelings and his church upbringing also has a factor in the way he is feeling.  Terry is asking for help and he has expressed that he is scared.  He needs help in managing all the different emotions that he is feeling.  
Terry’s difficulty with his feelings of homosexuality can also be associated with Chickering’s Establishing Identity Vector (Evans et al., 1998).  Terry has spent his life up until now living as a heterosexual.  He has established an identity with that orientation.  If he chooses to act upon his feelings for other men, then he will need to establish a new identity.  One in which he feels comfortable with his new sexual orientation and where he has a clear concept of his new role and lifestyle.
Chickering also argues that “educational environments exert powerful influences on student development” (Evans et al., 1998, p. 40).  One of those environmental influences is student-faculty relationships.  From what Terry mentioned, he does not want to disappoint his advisor and professors in his department who have been pushing him to go to graduate school.  It seems that Terry has a close relationship with these people and they have an influence on the decisions he wants to make for his life.  
Another influence is student development programs and services (Evans et al., 1998).  Terry is meeting with a career counselor to discuss very personal feelings and concerns.  He has obviously reached out for help by making an appointment and meeting with the career counselor.  The career office is one of the departments under the student affairs umbrella and offers programs and services in student development.  The interaction that Terry has with the office and the kind of support he receives can affect his development.
Since I have assumed that Terry’s racial identity is white, then the Cross Model of Psychological Nigrescence would not apply to Terry.  Helms’s White Identity Development Model focuses on the abandonment of racism and moving toward a nonracist white identity (Evans et al., 1998).  I do not think that Terry is currently having trouble with feelings of racism so I would not apply this theory at this time either.  
Cass’s Model of Homosexuality Identity Formation could be used to help identify where Terry is in his homosexual identity.  I believe that Terry has moved to stage two of this theory.  The first stage is Identify Confusion and begins with an awareness of homosexual thoughts and feelings (Evans et al., 1998).  Terry has expressed that he has had those thoughts.  He admitted that it is harder and harder for him to ignore the feelings that he has been having.  Terry has communicated that he might be gay, which is part of the second stage, Identity Comparison. 
