It seems that this is as far as Terry has gotten.  It may be beneficial for Terry to talk to other people who have experienced similar feelings.  This could occur by connecting Terry with a group such as Unity, which connects the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender population and their allies on campus.  Terry may also want to talk to the counseling staff on campus as they may be able to provide other resources for him to pursue.  It is important to help Terry understand that he is not the first person to go through this and that there is help available.
D’Augelli’s Model of Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual Development (Evans et al., 1998) may not really apply to Terry’s situation because it seems to be more useful for people who have identified that they are lesbian, gay or bisexual.  The first interactive process which is Exiting Heterosexual Identity is where Terry seems to be if this theory was applied.  He is starting to acknowledge his homosexual feelings but is not ready to share those feelings with his family or his fiancée.  He also mentioned that he thinks he is homosexual but he does not say he is homosexual.  Sharing the different theories with Terry might also be helpful so he can see that he is not alone and that supports have been created for him and others like him.
Schlossberg’s Transition Theory can be applied to Terry’s life in several ways.  He is getting ready to graduate and has to make a transition from being an undergraduate to going to medical school, graduate school or something else.  He is possibly going to be married after he graduates and has to transition from being a single person to being part of a married couple with all the responsibilities that come with that role.  If Terry decides to act upon his homosexual feelings, he will have to transition from his identity as a heterosexual to a new identity as a homosexual.  There is also the possibility that Terry will face a non-event is his life, which according to Schlossberg, is also a transition (Evans et al., 1998).  He has wanted to be a doctor as long as he can remember but his grades aren’t fantastic and he was rejected from medical school.  The non-event could be that he will not go to medical school and this is something he has planned for a long time.  He could be faced with an uncertain future.
The four factors identified by Schlossberg of situation, self, support and strategies can help Terry cope with all these transitions (Evans et al., 1998).  The career counselor can help Terry look at his situation and determine how he got to this point.  Is the situation permanent or temporary?  What control does Terry have?  Terry’s sense of self can influence his ability to cope with his transitions.  Helping Terry by examining his goals and values and his commitment to himself can be effective.  He is concerned that he will hurt his fiancée if he does not marry her.  
