He is not probing under the surface of this issue.  It is possible that he will hurt his fiancée much worse if he marries her and does not have the feelings for her that he thinks he should.  He is also not considering that he has a commitment to himself to look after his own well-being.   
Indentifying the support systems that are in place can also benefit Terry.  He has already made an effort to ask for help by talking with the career counselor.  Does he have any friends that he can go to?  What kind of groups or resources are there on the campus or in the local community?  If Terry can’t talk to his mom about his feelings of homosexuality, can he talk to her about some of his other concerns, such as medical school?  Can Terry talk to his dad or does he have any siblings or cousins that he can speak with?  There are several possible areas of support available for Terry but he may not know what they are.  
Cognitive Theories.  Perry’s Theory of Intellectual and Ethical Development can help Terry in determining his view of the world.  Terry seems to be dualistic about his feelings regarding homosexuality.  Dualism tends to view the world as good or bad and right or wrong (Evans et al., 1998).  Terry’s religious views have probably had something to do with this.  He was taught by the church that homosexuality is wrong.  He is struggling with that concept because he is having those feelings himself.  Terry seems to be associating the feelings of good or bad with his own identity.  If he is homosexual, he is wrong or bad.  Terry may need help transitioning to a relativist way of thinking.  Perry defines this as “knowledge is now viewed more qualitatively; it is contextually defined, based on evidence and supporting arguments” (Evans et al., 1998, p. 132).  Terry needs to make the determination if he thinks homosexuality is right or wrong for him, rather than relying on what he has been told by others.
As I have assumed that Terry is a male and not a female, I will not be applying Belenky, Clinchy, Goldberger and Tarule’s Women’s Way of Knowing to Terry’s situation.  However, Baxter Magolda’s Model of Epistemological Reflection can be applied similarly to Perry’s theory (Evans et al., 1998).  Terry seems to be in the stages of absolute knowing where he believes that what he has been taught about homosexuality is true.  Exposing Terry to other ideas and giving him those resources mentioned above might help him move into the transitional knowing stage where it is accepted that some knowledge is uncertain.  It is hoped that Terry can make the decision for himself based on his experiences and put the knowledge into context.  Although Baxter Magolda primarily uses this theory to show the relationship between instructors and students, I think it is applicable in other situations such as Terry’s.     
Terry may also be having feelings involving his moral development in relation to his feelings of homosexuality and his church.  
