Homosexuality is viewed as wrong and immoral according to many religious sects and Terry seems to belong to one of those.  It would be helpful to use Kohlberg’s Theory of Moral Development in helping him with this.  Kohlberg stated that “the principle central to the development of moral judgment….is that of justice.  Justice, the primary regard for the value and equality of all human beings” (Evans et al., 1998, p. 173).  Terry seems to be in stage three or interpersonally normative morality.  He is trying to live up to the expectations of others, such as his advisors and professors and his family.  He is trying to carry out his social roles in an acceptable way.  To Terry, his role as a son means that he should not be homosexual.  He is afraid that the news that he has homosexual feelings could kill his mother.  Helping Terry to stage five where individuals enter in a social contract to protect the rights and welfare of all people would probably be beneficial to Terry because relationships would be made based on his feelings and considerations and his ability to depend on them (Evans et al., 1998).
Gilligan’s Theory of Women’s Moral Development is also relevant to Terry’s situation.  Terry seems to be in level two, which is goodness as self sacrifice.  Conflict exists because he doesn’t know if he wants to get married to Chris.  He doesn’t want to hurt her.  He doesn’t want to disappoint his professors by not going to graduate school.  He doesn’t want to disappoint his mother by telling her he might be gay.  There is disequilibrium with Terry’s desire to remain in connection with others and his own needs.  Gilligan describes individuals at this level as having conventional feminine values (Evans et al., 1998).  Terry needs to realize that he is not powerless.  His needs are important as well and helping him gain a respect for himself and his decisions could help him progress to a higher order of moral thinking.  
Typology Theories.  Terry is having difficulty deciding what he wants to do with his life.  His career goals are no longer clear and he has considered taking some time to clear his head and get away.  Kolb’s Learning Style Model can be used to help Terry in understanding how he learns (Evans et al., 1998).  He made the comment that his grades are good but not outstanding.  If Terry realized that people learn in various ways, he might not be so hard on himself.  Determining his learning style could help Terry in identifying his strengths and weaknesses when he is inside or outside the classroom.  It would give Terry a tool to work with and provide him with a sense of ownership, something it seems he may have trouble with currently in his life.  Terry can take a Learning Style Inventory to help determine what style he is.  This can also help him in determining if he is on the right career path.  It could open up Terry’s eyes to his interests and see if those interests reinforce his desire to be a doctor.
