Holland’s Theory of Vocational Personalities and Environments (Evans et al., 1998) could also be useful in helping Terry.  By determining Terry’s personality type, we can see if the career environment that Terry wants to pursue will fit his personality.  Terry may discover that there are many other opportunities available for him.  For as long as Terry can remember, he wanted to be a doctor.    But why?  Helping Terry discover that answer may aid in Terry’s decision for his future.  It could be that Terry didn’t realize he had other options or he could have been conditioned by his family to go to medical school.  Terry has the opportunity to find out more about himself through these different assessments. 
C. Modifying My Assumptions
	I assumed that Terry was white, male, traditional age and heterosexual.  What if Terry was black, female, non-traditional or bisexual?  This would change the way a few theories could be applied and our understanding of the student.  If Terry is black, the Cross Model of Psychological Nigrescence could be used in his situation.  Terry has not expressed any thoughts about his racial identity so it could be that he is in stage one, pre-encounter (Evans et al., 1998).  Terry’s thoughts and actions in this stage would be pro-white and anti-black.  It could be that he feels race neutral where being black does not play a significant role in his life.  Helping Terry move to a more multiculturalism perspective might produce a sense of inner security and self-confidence that he seems to lack at this time.
	Since Terry is now black and not white, Helms’s White Identity Development Model would no longer apply to him.  If Terry was bisexual but realized that he had feelings of homosexuality, he would still have to deal with establishing his homosexual identity.  Cass and D’Augelli’s models would still be applicable and helpful in his development.  The same if Terry was a female and decided that she was a lesbian.  She would still need help in determining where she is in her acceptance of this identity (Evans et al., 1998).
	Schlossberg’s Transition theory could still be used to help Terry identify her assets and liabilities and use the four factors to cope with the changes going on in her life.  If Terry was a male non-traditional student, this theory could also help him in coping with the changes he could expect upon graduating from college.  It is possible that Terry was in the military and entered college five years after everyone else his age.  He would be older than other students entering medical school or graduate school and this could be a cause of concern for him.
If Terry is a female, Belenky, Clinchy, Goldberger and Tarule’s Women’s Way of Knowing could be helpful in her situation (Evans et al., 1998).  Helping Terry nurture her own voice and using the voice to gain control over her life can give Terry a sense of empowerment that she seems to need at this stage in her life.  
