Terry seems to be listening to the voice of others regarding how she should feel and act rather than relying upon her own voice.  If the career counselor could help Terry find her voice, she might find it easier to deal with some of the issues that she is facing.  
D. My Student Development Approach
	I will use my earlier assumption that Terry is white, male, traditional age and a heterosexual in my student development approach.  At first Terry’s situation seems overwhelming and a little dire.  But he is asking for help and has made that step, which can usually be the most difficult.  As evidenced in Section B, there are many theories that can be used to help Terry in dealing with his problems.  
I think that aiding Terry in determining what he wants for himself and how he really feels about his future is very important.  Terry needs to see that he has lots of options and that he is not alone.  I would try to connect Terry to the different supports available on campus.  It is possible that he may not know these supports are available to him or may not know where to go.  He could be afraid to seek these supports out and need that encouragement from me.  	Terry’s situation may seem daunting but the most important person in Terry’s development is Terry himself and I would like to help him realize that he should listen to his own voice.  
When I first read the scenario, I thought that assisting Terry might be close to impossible but after reviewing each theory and applying it to his situation; I feel that there are many tools to use in working with him.  There are three main themes in Terry’s disclosure.  The first theme is Terry’s confusion about medical school, the second is his confusion about his sexuality and the third is his reluctance to graduate and leave what he considers a safe and comfortable environment.  I would approach each of those themes with Terry and use the theories to help him.    
3. Benefits and Costs of Student Development
A.  Support
	I struggled at the beginning of the semester with the term “development”.  I remember my theory group discussing what the term meant.  Sanford in Evans et al. (1998) described development as “a positive growth process” (p. 4).   I see development as being both positive and negative because people can also develop in negative ways.  I would agree that development is a growth process and it is usually seen in a positive connotation.
	I think a benefit of development is that students can learn about themselves and how to interact with others.  This development can enable them to function in society and foster relationships and careers.  I see development theories as a tool to help student affairs professionals in their work with students.  For example, recognizing that people go through transitions and helping them find ways to cope with those transitions is very applicable to a college environment. 
