Schlossberg’s Transition Theory (Evans et al., 1998) is one that I can relate to very well as I feel that I have been in a state of transition for years.  It is easier for me to understand this theory and apply it to various situations that I have been exposed to with the students I work with.  Almost all the non-traditional students I advise seem to be going through a transition of one type or another.  They are balancing their lives as older students or trying to attend college as parents.  Understanding the ways they can cope with these transitions is helpful to me when working with them.  
	On the other hand I think we need to be careful when working with students and try not to place them in a mold.  If we spend all our time trying to find ways to apply a theory, we may miss out on opportunities to get to know our students and to observe how they respond to their environment and to different situations.  It is almost as if we are in a laboratory and the students are our guinea pigs.  If we introduce different stimuli, what kinds of reaction will that stimuli produce?  I don’t ever want to be in that kind of position with students, where I see them as experiments.  Each student is different and can bring a valuable perspective to the table.
B.  Conclusion
		I think developed is better but as I mentioned previously, we need to be aware that students don’t always fit where we want them to fit.  I think that the more aware we are of the research regarding theories and the characteristics of different student populations, the more successful we will be at working with students and helping them.
	According to Chickering and Schlossberg (2002), college changes your life.  Roles, relationships and routines change.  College provides a framework for students to discover themselves and to develop a purpose.  As student affairs professionals, we are in the best seats to see these changes occur and help to cultivate them.  We have the opportunity in higher education to work with individuals who are defining their identity and if we handle it properly, we can use the tools at our fingertips to help in the positive growth of students.

1B. Student Success in Student Activities
	The Office of Student Activities (OSA) is in a position to help the university create conditions that matter for student success.  It must first have an enacted mission that states what the office actually does and who it serves (Kuh, Kinzie, Schuh, Whitt and Associates, 2005).  This mission needs to support and reflect the tenets of the overall mission of the university.  The mission for OSA at Western Illinois University (WIU Student Activities, 2003) states:
The Office of Student Activities has as its mission to provide students with practical and theoretical educational experiences that complement the traditional classroom education. 

