In keeping with this mission, the Office of Student Activities is designed to provide assistance to individual students and student organizations in the planning, management, and evaluation of programs and organizational activities directed toward meeting the wide variety of student needs and interests represented on this campus. Through these activities, we strive to promote the University's objective to provide enriching cultural activities through programs in the performing and visual arts (¶ 5).
	The overall mission of Western Illinois University (Strategic Plan, n.d.) is:
Western Illinois University, a community of individuals dedicated to learning, will have a profound and positive impact on our changing world through the unique interaction of instruction, research, and public service as we educate and prepare a diverse student population to thrive in and contribute to our global society (¶ 2).
The OSA mission seems to reflect the overall mission of the university as it promotes diversity and learning although the exact wording is not the same.  However, I think that it is important that the office keep its mission and objectives updated.  I noticed that on the website for OSA at Western that some of the objectives were outdated, such as advising the Bureau of Cultural Affairs, which has been located in another department for several years.
	The University of Michigan has developed several priorities for enhancing the quality of undergraduate education which in turn enhances student success.  These include creating a student community that is diverse and reflective, providing resources that encourage faculty-student interaction and making the campus more interconnected (Kuh et al., 2005).
	Providing students with the tools to evaluate their programs and organizations is a helpful method of encouraging student involvement.  The department can also use those tools internally to determine if they are assessing the needs of the students and interpreting these needs “as a means in which effective and salient programs and services can be developed” (WIU Student Activities, 2003, ¶8).  
One way to promote diversity is to eliminate the three separate Greek Life councils.  Interfraternity Council is the governing body of the fraternities.  Multicultural Greek Council is the governing body of the historically African-American and Latino/Latina fraternities and sororities.  Panhellenic Council is the governing body of the sororities.  These three councils have similar functions yet remain segregated.  If they could work together as one body, they could succeed at providing each other enriching cultural activities and experiences, which is part of OSA’s mission.  This may be difficult to put into place at first because the office does not want to ignore the traditions that each group has established.  If integration were to be successful, those traditions would need to be considered and the students would need to have an active voice. 
OSA could also promote the faculty-student interaction by involving faculty in programming decisions, inviting faculty to participate in committees, and encouraging the role of faculty advisor for student organizations.  I saw evidence of faculty involvement when I attended the TEAMLEAD Leadership Awards Ceremony.  A faculty member involved with First Year Experience courses was a member of the awards committee and presented several of the awards.  
