It was very encouraging to see that connection between student affairs and the faculty.
One possible program that OSA could develop that might encourage faculty-student  interaction is a recognition banquet or reception where student leaders can invite their favorite faculty member or mentor and recognize that faculty member with a certificate or something creative that they made themselves.  This would equip students with an out of class experience with that faculty member and in turn that faculty member would realize that their contributions to students are recognized and appreciated.  This type of program would give the student a sense of empowerment and perhaps encourage the student to initiate interactions with faculty (Kuh et al., 2005).  This approach is similar to the University of Maine at Farmington where faculty members can eat lunch for free at the dining hall when accompanied by a student on Wednesdays and Thursdays (Kuh et al., 2005). 
OSA can also encourage active and collaborative learning through different leadership experiences and even provide a leadership curriculum that allows students to make class presentations, work in groups on projects both inside and outside of class, participate in community projects and contribute to class discussions.  All of these methods are described in Kuh et al., (2005) as ways that students acquire valuable skills, become intensely involved in their education and apply what they are learning to real life situations while they are in college and once they leave.
A leadership curriculum is also a perfect opportunity to introduce students to Kolb’s Learning Style Model (Evans, Forney, and Guido-DeBrito, 1998).  Students learn by different processes and may not realize that they need faculty to take different approaches to teaching in order to enhance their learning skills.  Fayetteville State University  recognizes that traditional approaches to teaching aren’t effective anymore.  In order to be successful, faculty must experiment with new methods of teaching, such as discussion boards, games, contests, object lessons, etc. (Kuh, et al., 2005).
Through a leadership curriculum or student organization, peer mentoring and teaching can be utilized.  Allowing students to teach their peers in leadership courses or training students in leadership education and then allowing those students to take that training back to their student group, residence hall floor or friends and present it is a great way to encourage collaborative learning.  Peer assessment can also be utilized in student organizations where students assess the abilities of their executive boards or leaders and provide them with positive feedback and constructive criticism.  It will also allow those students who don’t have an active leadership role to feel a sense of ownership and responsibility to the group and provide them with a voice.  Students can evaluate their peer’s performance in the leadership courses and have the opportunity to reflect on the contributions made by others.  These opportunities can be provided and encouraged through the Office of Student Activities. 
Staff Development is also an area where OSA can help to create student success.  Encouraging the staff to get involved in conferences and to learn more about the characteristics of the students they interact with can provide a framework to help meet the student’s needs.  
