Staff can also work with faculty on committees, thus enabling them to be able to “preach what they practice”.  It seems that there is a disconnect between student services and faculty.  If we can see that, then I am sure the students can see this as well.  How can we expect them to have a positive faculty-student interaction when we can’t foster a positive faculty-student affairs interaction?  
According to Kuh et al. (2005), promoting a positive psychological and physical environment can influence a “students’ feelings of  well-being, belonging, and identity” (p. 106).  OSA can promote this positive environment by encouraging the staff to get to know the students and show an interest in their personal life.  “Students are more likely to flourish in small settings where they are known and valued as individuals than in settings in which they feel anonymous” (Kuh, et al., 2005, p. 106).  These small settings can be leadership courses, meetings of student groups, meetings between the staff and student and other teambuilding or leadership activities offered through the office.   
Student success is achieved through student engagement.  Student engagement is achieved through the amount of time and effort students put into their studies and other activities as well as the ways that the university provides services, resources and opportunities (Kuh et al., 2005).  The Office of Student Activities is a department with access to many students on campus and is in a prime position to help the university create conditions that matter for student success.  The office already has connections to many students on campus through student organizations and other activities but they can extend that reach out even more if they apply the different concepts approached in this proposal.  They have the opportunity to create conditions for their own success as well, which can only propagate to all levels of the university.
2. Learning With Millennial Students
	Millennial students are the largest generation in the nation’s history and the largest number of students in college today according to Coomes and DeBard (2004).  There are several characteristics that are identified by Howe and Strauss in Coomes and DeBard (2004) that describe the disposition of millennial students.  Knowledge of these characteristics can be very helpful when interacting with Millennial students and promoting student learning and development.
Special  
	Authority figures have told Millennial students since they were born that they are special.  It is now the trend in business to market to students directly rather than their parents as they are one of the largest groups of consumers.  This treatment by the “marketplace” has reinforced the “special” characteristic.  Millennial students want to be treated as important members of society.  
I think a perfect example of this is the TEAMLEAD Leadership Awards ceremony that was held this past week.  When I was an undergraduate student at Western Illinois University over ten years ago, I was a student leader and received several awards.  One of those awards was the James M. Grigsby Student Leadership Award.  There were two other awards given out at the same time and we had a small ceremony.  
