There were very few people present and I believe that the award was only given to two students.  This year the award was given out at an elaborate ceremony that also included several other award categories.  The ceremony was held with hundreds in attendance and a reception afterwards.  The James M. Grigsby Leadership Award was also given out to five students.
I think this example shows an accurate depiction of the Millennial student’s need for recognition and confirmation of their “specialness”.  It is important to continue with these types of programs as they give students the opportunity to shine and reinforce that characteristic.  This can be achieved by holding recognition banquets, and recognizing the students on their accomplishments in classroom settings, group organizations and other areas that they are involved in.  Student affairs professionals and faculty should be aware that they may need to put more time into providing these opportunities.
Sheltered
	Millennial students are also sheltered.  I think this is very evident in the emergence of helicopter parents on campuses.  These parents hover over their children in order to keep them safe and protect them as they have been protecting them since they were born.  Technological advances have also made this much easier with the availability of cell phones and email.  It is important to recognize the strength of the relationship between the students and their parents and provide the supports to maintain that relationship but encourage the millennial students to step away from what Baxter Magolda (Evans, et al., 1998) calls absolute knowing.  Baxter Magolda focuses this on the students obtaining this knowledge from the instructors but I think this can apply to students obtaining the knowledge from their parents and relying on them as a crutch.
According to White (2005) “college is a time for maturing adolescents to learn how to make decisions for themselves, whether good or bad, and then learn how to manage the consequences. Parents who become too involved in their children's college experience deprive them of this crucial opportunity to grow up” (¶ 12).  We should encourage the students to take ownership of their own learning opportunities and educate them on how to do this by providing academic advising opportunities and mentorship programs.  This can launch a process where Millennial students transfer the dependence they have on their parents to the university, where in turn the university can help the students transfer that dependence on to themselves by promoting the student’s responsibility for their own academic and social progress. 
Confident
	I believe that this characteristic is closely related to the special characteristic discussed previously.  It reinforces that Millennial students like to be nurtured through awards and rewards.  They have come to expect this from their interactions with others.  They believe in community service but want to get credit for doing it (Coomes and DeBard, 2004).  First Year Experience courses could promote community service through outside activities by giving the students options to participate in various volunteer opportunities both on and off campus.  This would also give the students a chance to learn more about the community where they have chosen to live.  
