Faculty and student affairs’ professionals could work together to design a program on campus that involves community service and then hold a reception or luncheon that recognizes all those involved.
	Encouraging the confidence of students by providing feedback is also important.  I know that in my studies, I enjoy reading the comments left by my professors on my papers.  I like to get a glimpse of what they were thinking when they read my paper.  Providing positive feedback for students is important and can be achieved even if what the professor or advisor has to say is something that the student won’t like to hear.  It all depends on the method of delivery and it can have an encouraging impact on the student’s confidence.  Those who work with students have the capability to provide feedback in a constructive manner if they learn the technique to do so. 
	I think it is also important to allow the students to give feedback as well.  In the previous example about First Year Experience courses, we can ask ourselves, what do the students get out of the course?  If they are required to participate in the course for credit and as part of the curriculum, are they getting anything intrinsic out of the experience?  Helping the students to build ownership in their experiences can support the confident characteristic.  Student affairs professionals and faculty can put some of the responsibility back on the students by asking them why they are participating in volunteer activities and other leadership opportunities.  Is it because they want it to look good on their resume?  Is it because they really want to help others?  Looking at their own motivations can help expand the student’s way of knowing.
Conventional
	Millennial students are seen as conventional.  They have learned that to get along they must go along and accept the social rules that have been imposed upon them (Coomes and DeBard, 2004).  Although this may sound ideal when we first explore this notion, I think we may need to be careful on where it could lead.  On the surface we want students to follow and accept the rules that are placed upon them but if we delve below, we must ask ourselves “do we want to breed mindless souls who do not question what is placed in front of them and who can not adapt to the ever-changing society that we live in?”  
Millennial students typically follow the rules that Baby Boomers have set (Coomes and DeBard, 2004).  But what happens when the Baby Boomers are gone and the Millennial students are the ones who are supposed to set the rules?  Will they have the tools to do so and to recognize that we live in a society that can change in the blink of an eye?  We are in the position as student affairs professionals and faculty to encourage students to challenge themselves and to participate in collaborative learning.  According to Kuh, Kinzie, Schuh, Whitt and Associates (2005) “students learn more when they are intensely involved in their education and have opportunities to think about and apply what they are learning in different settings” (p. 11). 
