I think it is important to foster those opportunities.
3. Privatization of Student Services
	Bowen (1977) listed several goals of higher education that can be helpful in determining if privatizing student services to run more like a business is beneficial to universities.  One of the principles that support these goals is that “education should be directed toward the growth of the whole person” (Bowen, 1977, p. 33).  Faculty and student affairs professionals are trained to work closely with students and create conditions that promote “students’ intellectual, moral, and emotional growth” (Bowen, 1977, pp. 34-35).  If student services, such as residence life are privatized, will the individuals providing those services be able to create conditions that stimulate this growth?
	Another principle that supports the goals of higher education is recognizing that students are individuals (Bowen, 1977).  They are unique and need support in developing their own potential.  Students are not commodities.  If privatization resulted in student services being run like a business, would students lose that personal connection with the university?  Are the providers of the service willing to learn about student development theories and student characteristics?  Are they willing to take the time to meet with students and listen to their concerns?  Will they answer the phone or door at 2:00 a.m. to help a student through a tough time?  These questions should be considered if the President decides to go through with privatizing student services.  Although costs continue to rise, this will only worsen if students decide not to attend or return to a university that does not fulfill their needs.
	The third principle that Bowen (1977) considers is accessibility to higher education.  “There should be not only easy access but positive encouragement to attendance through new kinds of institutions, new programs…” (Bowen, 1977, p. 37).  Will this positive encouragement be provided if student services are privatized?  For example, will the goal of student organizations be to generate activities that are only concerned with the bottom line?  Many different organizations and programming boards operate through student activities.  The groups on campus program to entertain and to challenge their peers to think about issues and ideas in society.  They are not overly concerned with making money or covering their expenses with high admission prices.  If this office is to run similarly to a business, then the income and expenses will suddenly become much more important for student groups.  Certain entertainers will not be brought to campus because the cost will no longer be feasible.  Access to activities and programs will no longer be available for everyone because of the price.  The goal of student groups will be to provide productivity, productivity, productivity rather than learning experiences.
	The three principles discussed by Bowen (1977) led to his establishing three specific goals of education.  These goals are cognitive learning, effective development, and practical competence.   Using these goals to obtain desirable lifetime behavior patterns while students are in college is what Bowen (1977) calls the “ultimate goal”.  As it has been shown that higher education is “concerned with the development of the full potentialities of human beings and society” (Bowen, 1977, p. 54), a supportive campus environment can help students succeed academically, socially and personally.
